
							About This Game
							The standalone expansion to the award-winning Total War™: SHOGUN 2 explores the conflict between the Imperial throne and the last Shogunate in 19th century Japan, 400 years after the events of the original game. A dramatic clash of traditional Samurai culture with the explosive power of modern weaponry.						Guide ancient Japan into the modern age, as the arrival of America, Britain and France incites a ferocious civil war which will decide the future of a nation.						Dramatic 19th century Japan setting						Based on the backdrop of the Boshin War period, the new campaign starts in 1864, a time of growing resentment against Western colonial power and influence. As Japan begins to modernise and industrialise, the inevitable social and economic changes lead to increasingly militant nationalism and antipathy towards the Shogunate.						6 new playable clans						Play as a clan supporting the Imperial throne, or the last Shogunate:Shogunate clans: Aizu, Nagaoka, Jozai						Imperial clans: Choshu, Satsuma, TosaNew foreign powers						The American, British and French nations play an important part in the story of the Boshin war, and your relations with these foreign powers will be integral to unit recruitment and to advancing your technology trees.						New 19th century Japan campaign mapThe new island of Ezo extends the SHOGUN 2 campaign map northwards.						Fully refreshed towns and other campaign map features reflect the new time period, with railways making their first appearance in a Total War title.Campaign map railwaysDevelop your own railway network to move armies and agents between your regions.						Railways can be sabotaged and transport can be blocked by enemy armies who take control of parts of the line or stations.39 new land unitsIncluding modern ranged units - such as the Gatling gun and Armstrong gun - controllable in a new third-person mode.						New units can also be recruited from foreign powers, including the British Royal Marines, US Marine Corps and French Marines.10 new naval unit types with a total of 21 shipsNew steam-powered warships, heavily armed with modern artillery.						Foreign ironclad ships can also be purchased, including the Warrior-class ironclad.New port siege battle typeThis new battle type triggers when attempting a naval assault on an occupied enemy port.						The attacking fleet must sail into the harbour and capture the port, running the gauntlet of coastal gun defences.New land and sea unit interactionsDuring a land battle, armies can call in offshore artillery support barrages.						Conversely, costal gun emplacements can target enemy ships during port siege battles, when ending their turn within the range of upgraded coastal defences.						Campaign map bombardments: offshore naval units can bombard armies and cities in adjacent coastal areas on the campaign map itself. 3 new agent types The Foreign Veteran, the Ishin Shishi and the Shinshengumi.						Each new agent has its own skill tree, and Ninja and Geisha agents have had their skill trees updated with new abilities.Improved siege battle mechanicsNew upgradable tower defences can be built with a specific defence specialty: archery, matchlock or Gatling gun.Multiplayer 2.0New Conquest map reflecting the 19th century setting						Brand-new Fall of the Samurai avatar, including:Over 40 new retainers						Over 30 new armour pieces						New 19th century avatar skill treeMultiple avatars: players can enjoy multiple careers and progression across Shogun 2 and Fall of The Samurai						