
							About This Game
							RaceRoom is the premier free-to-play racing simulation on PC and home to official race series like DTM, WTCC, and ADAC GT Masters. Enter RaceRoom and enter the world of a professional race car driver.A selection of free-to-play race cars and tracks are yours to drive with unlimited wheel time in multiplayer and single player games modes. Sponsored competitions and other free-to-play events allow you to enjoy premium game content at no cost.Additional cars, tracks, and liveries can be bought individually or as packs inside the game store using an in-game currency called vRP, which is purchased using your Steam Wallet.Key FeaturesFree to play - Eat, Sleep, Race, RepeatA premium racing simulator is yours free-to-play on the PC. Race endlessly alongside the world’s most talented drivers in online multiplayer and single player game modes. Your dream car is here - Grab your pickBMW, Mercedes-Benz, Audi, Chevrolet, Ford, McLaren, Pagani, RUF,  Radical, Volvo, Saleen, and more to come. These manufacturers bring the best minds in racing together to dominate the world of motorsport and the machines they create are precision instruments of power, perfection, and speed. We are proud to present them in the digital form for your enjoyment.Speed is a universal language - Hit the roadGoing fast is a worldwide pastime and many of the most beautiful points on the globe are home to miles of thrilling blacktop. Start racing and conquer these places for yourself.Up Close and Personal - Stand among the giants of racingNo game gets you closer to professional racing and the drivers that make a racing series great. RaceRoom is home to WTCC, DTM, and ADAC GT Masters, with more to come.Realism - Every sense touched You will see, hear, and feel what a race car driver does behind the wheel. You’ll grow smelly from intense focus and the resulting perspiration, and all you control is the taste at the end of the race. Will it be that of  sweet victory... or bitter defeat? The experience of racing is yours and it’s unforgettable.Accessibility - Racing is a family sportNovice, Amateur, and Get Real game modes cater to drivers of all ability. This game is fit for the entire family, so start driving today with your Steering wheel, keyboard, or gamepad.The pursuit of perfection - Single PlayerRefine your skills against intelligent and challenging computer driven opponents. Use the Adaptive A.I., which automatically adjusts opponent difficulty based on your performance, or customize opponent difficulty to your liking.Defeat the competition - Online MultiplayerLine up with a grid of twenty-four players as you battle new friends and rivals in online multiplayer races.Competitions - Capture gloryCompete against the world’s greatest drivers in sponsored competitions from Mercedes-Benz, EURONICS, DTM, ADAC GT Masters, and more. These competitions also allow free players access to premium content throughout the duration of most events.Fast paced gameplayBe ready to break a sweat! Racing is the ultimate in twitch gameplay. No time for breaks, no room for mistakes. You are on point or you are into the weeds. Push harder, go faster, and reap the rewards of an adrenalin induced smile.Important Info/DLC Purchasing PolicyR3E user accounts are associated with the user’s Steam account for security and transactions through Steam Wallet. A Steam account can use multiple R3E accounts by using the ‘switch accounts’ function in the R3E Account Settings.Upon purchasing an R3E DLC via the Steam Store, an R3E user account will be permanently associated with that Steam account and it will no longer be possible to switch accounts. The option to switch accounts will be permanently removed from the R3E Account Settings.						