
							About This Game
							The Continent of the Ninth Seal (C9) is an action MORPG. Players take part in the game as heroes of Glenheim to stand against Nefer, an evil villain trying to open a gate to the Netherworld and swarm the land with his infernal legion. C9 showcases quality visuals, strategic combat, and a gripping story. Choose a character that best represents how you want to experience the game. The four base classes -- Fighter, Hunter, Shaman, and Witchblade -- can each upgrade into multiple advanced classes, all of which are unique in their skills, visuals, and play styles. The console-like controls, various skill combos, and RPG-based elements, make C9 a satisfying choice for all fans of action games.Key Features:Unrivaled Action RPGThe Continent of the Ninth Seal is a wholly unique action MORPG experience. With its non-targeting combat, you no longer have to suffer with “locking on” to a single enemy! C9 gives you the freedom to lay waste to any enemy foolish enough to get in range of your sweeping weapons. This unique system has earned C9 five awards, including Grand Game Award Korea in 2009.Various Skill CombosEnjoy the complete freedom of combining skills and commands with cancellations and evasions to create an almost unlimited number of combos. Chain your attacks together and see just how much damage you can do in a single frenzy of attacks! Hack through every enemy that gets in your way!Precise ControlsC9 features precise, customizable controls using either a mouse and keyboard or a gamepad. Unlike other RPGs, the way you control your character determines whether or not you survive! No more pushing the same four buttons over and over in a tedious rotation. Your hands will never be at rest during combat. With enough skill and practice, you can learn how to juggle and control your enemies with such precision they never have the chance to fight back!PvPPlayer versus player is a core element of C9. Players can use the combos they have perfected in various PvP modes. Use your skills with just the right timing, and chain your combos together perfectly to secure your victory!Ultimate Fury SkillsUltimate Fury Skills are the most powerful skills a player can learn. These skills boast supreme damage with very impressive visual effects. Each advanced class has its own, unique ultimate fury skill.Diverse ContentC9 allows you to enhance items, build guild housing, craft items, and remodel equipment; very popular features to players of online RPGs. The game also features a unique Legend system to display your in-game achievements to other players and express the personality of your character.						