
							About This Game
							Secret World Legends is a story-driven, shared-world action RPG that plunges players into a shadowy war against the supernatural, where ancient myths and legends cross over into the modern day. Armed with both weapons and superhuman abilities, you will build your powers, solve deep mysteries, and destroy terrifying evils to uncover a dark and captivating storyline that traverses the globe. Can you reveal the truth?

Features

●	Fight in a Secret War against the Supernatural: Where will you stand in the secret war between good and evil as supernatural forces threaten the modern-day world? Use a wide range of weapons and superhuman abilities to destroy the sinister evils that are threatening humanity’s existence.

●	Unravel the Mysteries of the Legends: Dive into the innovative Investigation Missions, where your wits are as important as your skills. Solve mysteries while battling evil in unique missions and quests never before seen in a game of its kind. 

●	Descend into a Dark, Mature Storyline: Secret World Legends brings storytelling to a new level by dropping you into the heart of a dramatic and chill-inducing narrative filled with unique missions, emotional punches, and mysterious Legends, brought to life by high-quality voice-acting throughout the adventure.   

●	Explore the Secret World: Travel from London to Seoul to New York and beyond. Explore the dark forests of Transylvania, the scorched deserts of Egypt, and a small coastal town in New England filled with horror and mystery. Visit locations inspired by the real world now invaded by creatures of myth and legend.   

●	Deep Character Customization: Choose from hundreds of different customization options for your character, from a deep arsenal of weapons, extensive gear and clothing, to a vast set of supernatural powers and augmentations. 

●	100+ Hours of Free Stories and Gameplay: Play for free--all of the game’s 100+ hours of missions and quests are completely free to play.

●	Play Solo or With Your Friends: The entire storyline is available to play through on your own, or team up in a seamless multiplayer experience where players from across the globe can adventure together.						