
							About This Content
							The Class 422 ‘4BIG’ was a slam door classic across the south coast routes of England and is now available for Train Simulator.The 4BIG was similar to the standard 4CIG EMU but contained a buffet car in place of an intermediate trailer, thereby consisting of two driving trailers, a non-driving motor coach and a buffet car. The first 4BIG was delivered into service in late 1965 from BR York Works, and up until 1972 were regular units on south coast passenger services.The fleet of 4BIGs lasted more than 40 years in service, initially on Brighton line services, later on the Waterloo to Portsmouth route and eventually across the Southern network. Following privatisation of the UK railway network, 4 BIGs were operated by Connex South Central up until 1997 when some were transferred to South West Trains. The redundant units were refurbished and re-allocated to other EMU classes. Despite being replaced by more modern EMUs, such was their popularity that many 4BIGs have been preserved on heritage railways around the UK.The Class 422 ‘4BIG’ for Train Simulator is available in BR blue/grey livery and features full cab interior and lighting, detailed buffet and intermediate passenger coaches, updated passenger view and comes as Quick Drive compatible, giving you the freedom to drive the 4BIG on any Quick Drive enabled route for Train Simulator, such as those available through Steam. Also included are scenarios specifically for the London to Brighton route (available separately and required to play these scenarios).Owners of the 4CIG can also combine a 4CIG with a 4BIG to create an 8DIG! In 1992, four 8DIG units, numbered 2001-2004, were formed by semi-permanently coupling a 4CIG unit and a 4BIG unit. The units were dedicated to London Victoria-Brighton express services, which were operated as the Capital Coast Express. Please note, there are no scenarios or consists included to create an 8DIG, the unit can only be made by creating a scenario.ScenariosThree scenarios for the London-Brighton route:	4BIG Introduction	4BIG to Brighton	4BIG to SelhurstMore scenarios are available on Steam Workshop online and in-game. Train Simulator’s Steam Workshop scenarios are free and easy to download, adding many more hours of exciting gameplay. With scenarios being added daily, why don’t you check it out now!Click here for Steam Workshop scenarios.Key Features	Class 422 ‘4BIG’ in BR blue/grey livery	Scenarios for the London to Brighton line	Updated passenger view	Cab lighting	Quick Drive compatible	Download size: 91mb						