
							About This Content
							The Mustang was among the best and most well-known fighters used by the U.S. Army Air Forces during World War II. Possessing excellent range and maneuverability, the P-51 operated primarily as a long-range escort fighter and also as a ground attack fighter-bomber with bombs, rockets, and machine guns. The Mustang served in nearly every combat zone during WWII and proved to be what many consider the most successful fighter in history.The DCS: P-51D Mustang offers both highly-detailed simulation and easy-to-play "game" mode options for both hardcore and casual gamers. When in simulation mode, this is the most authentic simulation of the P-51D Mustang that has ever been done for the PC. Enjoy both the thrill of flying this warbird and operating its various weapons against a variety of ground and airborne targets.An interactive training system puts you in the cockpit with an instructor as he walks you step-by-step of learning to fly the Mustang.A powerful yet easy-to-use mission editor allows you to create your own missions and campaigns. A one-click Mission Generator also allows you to instantly create battles as small or large as you wish.Fly online with built-in server browser that supports up to 32 players in both head-to-head and cooperative gameplay. Fly online with other DCS aircraft like the Black Shark and the A-10C Warthog.Features of the DCS: P-51D Mustang:Highly detailed six-degrees-of-freedom cockpit. Interact with cockpit controls with your mouse.Unmatched flight physics and that allow you to truly feel what it's like to fly this legend.Accurate P-51D Mustang model, squadron markings, and weapons.Detailed modeling the P-51D Mustang instruments, weapon, engine, radios, fuel, electrical, and hydraulic systems.Take part in a Challenge Campaign to test your flying and combat skills.About DCS WorldDigital Combat Simulator World (DCS World) is a free-to-play digital battlefield game, focusing on a military aircraft simulation. It includes a FREE TF-51D and an Su-25T attack aircraft and it is extensible through additional DCS DLC that can be purchased here on Steam.DCS World includes a vast mission area of the Caucasus region that encompasses much of Georgia - the location of the 2008 conflict. Additionally, DCS World includes:Powerful mission and campaign editorsMultiplayerMassive inventory of air, land and sea combat units and weaponsAdvanced AIFast mission generatorDynamic weather and seasonsTraining missionsMission replay systemPilot log bookThis all allows the creation of engaging, real-world combat missions in this flashpoint region. DCS is a true "sandbox" simulation that can and will cover multiple time periods covering many types of combat and civilian units. DCS World allows both realistic game play and more relaxed game play to suit the player.DCS World includes a FREE Su-25T "Frogfoot" attack aircraft!Current DCS DLC available here on Steam includes:DCS: A-10C WarthogDCS: Black Shark 2DCS: P-51D MustangDCS: Combined ArmsSu-25: DCS Flaming Cliffs						