
							About This Software
							3DMark includes everything you need to benchmark your hardware. With its wide range of benchmarks, you can test everything from tablets and notebooks to the latest 4K gaming PCs. It's the most powerful and flexible 3DMark we've ever created. 3DMark is for gamers, overclockers and system builders who want to get the most out of their hardware. When you buy 3DMark on Steam you unlock all tests, settings, and features. Better benchmarking with 3DMarkThe right test every timeWe've made it easy to find the right test for your PC. 3DMark automatically scans your hardware and recommends the best benchmark for your system.Choose your tests3DMark grows bigger every year with new tests. When you buy 3DMark from Steam, you can choose to install only the tests you need.Hardware monitoringDetailed charts show you how the CPU and GPU temperatures, clock speeds, and the frame rate changed during your benchmark run.Custom settingsExplore your PC's performance limits with custom benchmark settings. You can change the rendering resolution and quality across a range of settings.Benchmark TestsTime Spy - DirectX 12 benchmark for Windows 10 PCsWith its pure DirectX 12 engine, built from the ground up to support new API features like asynchronous compute, explicit multi-adapter, and multi-threading, Time Spy is the ideal benchmark for testing the DirectX 12 performance of the latest graphics cards. Fire Strike - For high-performance gaming PCsFire Strike is a showcase DirectX 11 benchmark designed for today's high-performance gaming PCs. Use Fire Strike to test dedicated gaming PCs, Fire Strike Extreme for high-end systems with multiple GPUs (Crossfire/SLI), or try Fire Strike Ultra, the world's first 4K Ultra HD benchmark. Sky Diver - For gaming laptops and mid-range PCsSky Diver is a DirectX 11 benchmark that is ideal for testing mainstream graphics cards, mobile GPUs, integrated graphics and other systems that cannot achieve double-digit frame rates in the more demanding Fire Strike test. Cloud Gate - For notebooks and home PCsUse Cloud Gate to test the performance of notebooks and typical home PCs with DirectX 10 compatible hardware. Ice Storm - For basic tablets and smartphonesUse Ice Storm, Ice Storm Extreme, and Ice Storm Unlimited to compare smartphones and tablets across platforms.Feature TestsAPI Overhead feature test - Compare the latest graphics APIsThe 3DMark API Overhead feature test is the world's first independent test for comparing the performance of DirectX 12, DirectX 11 and Vulkan. See how many draw calls your PC can handle with each API before the frame rate drops below 30 fps.Stress TestsCheck the stability of your systemStress testing is a good way to check the reliability and stability of your system after buying or building a new PC, upgrading your graphics card, or overclocking your GPU. Stress testing can also identify faulty hardware or the need for better cooling.						