
							About This Game
							Octodad: Dadliest Catch is a game about destruction, deception, and fatherhood. The player controls Octodad, a dapper octopus masquerading as a human, as he goes about his life. Octodad's existence is a constant struggle, as he must master mundane tasks with his unwieldy boneless tentacles while simultaneously keeping his cephalopodan nature a secret from his human family.In this sequel to the splash hit Octodad, our cephaloprotagonist has gotten himself in a bind between his wife’s mounting mistrust, and a disastrous trip to the local aquarium! Are you dad enough to control the titular octopus father as he strives to hide his nautical nature from his family while keeping his tangled tentacles intact?In Octo-ber 2010, a group of university students released the original Octodad into the world. Despite everyone being convinced that the game was about a normal human dad, the game was a cult hit, gained critical acclaim, and was an Independent Games Festival Student Finalist in 2011. Octodad received enough attention that the team decided to run a Kickstarter, form the game studio Young Horses, and create a bigger, better, more polished game about Octodad. Two and a half years after beginning production, Octodad: Dadliest Catch is ready to flop awkwardly into your arms.Key FeaturesOctodad’s wacky physics create hilarious moments that are different every time. Be surprised by the randomness of Octodad’s flailing or express your own sense of humor by making Octodad do silly things.An all-new adventure that explores Octodad’s world, relationships and backstory.Complete Octodad’s sartorial style by collecting and wearing a variety of hidden neckties.Gather family members and/or friends to control Octodad's limbs in co-op mode with 2 to 4 players. Up to 4 times the limbsanity!Gain access to the (Windows Only) level editor that the Young Horses used to create Octodad: Dadliest Catch. Create your own ridiculous levels for Octodad to squish and flop through and submit them to Steam Workshop.Play mod levels created by the Steam community and the creators of Octodad on Steam Workshop. (PC/Mac/Linux)Experience Dadliest Catch’s unique control scheme with various control inputs, including X360, DualShock4, Mouse + Keyboard, Mac multitouch trackpad, Windows 8 touchscreens.  For gamepads, XInput is best supported, as DirectInput requires manual remapping in most circumstances.SoundtrackWritten and Produced by Seth Parker. Artwork by Chris Stallman. You can find more music from Kozilek here.Ian McKinney's Bandcamp is here.and more of Whitaker Trebella's tunes are here.If you purchased the soundtrack DLC the files will be placed in your Octodad Dadliest Catch folder in the Steam Directory: ...\Steam\SteamApps\common\Octodad Dadliest Catch\Octodad Dadliest Catch Original Soundtrack\ (Right click Octodad Dadliest Catch in the Games list -> Local Files -> Browse Local Files).						