
							About This Game
							Powered by the Unreal 3 engine, Hunted: The Demon’s Forge™ is a fresh take on the classic fantasy game that delivers the intensity and action of a modern-day shooter. Taking control of either E’lara, a ranged weapon expert, or Caddoc, a master swordsman, you and your partner will descend into a dark and foreboding world for an unforgettable cooperative experience. As you travel deep within the world of Kala Moor, you will use a variety of deadly weapons, powerful spells, and cover tactics to face down wave after wave of vicious enemies.  It will take the combined efforts of two great warriors to explore menacing dungeons, overgrown ruins, and downtrodden towns … and discover the secrets of the Demon’s Forge.											Key Features:											An Unreal Dark Fantasy: Powered by the Unreal 3 engine, the dark world of Hunted comes to life as a third-person fantasy game with the intensity and action of a modern-day shooter.  Hunted boasts stunning visuals with breath-taking vistas and foreboding underground worlds.											Co-op at a Distance: Combine E’lara’s ranged attacks with Caddoc’s melee expertise to pull off gruesome co-op kill moves, perform special attacks, and heal one another from anywhere on the battlefield.  The characters’ differing combat expertise allows a player’s strategy to vary from one play through to the next.											Descend into Dungeon Depths: Work with your co-op partner to discover hidden paths and solve the devious puzzles that block your way. Explore menacing dungeons, overgrown ruins, and terrorized towns to discover treasure and powerful upgrades.											Two Ways to Fight: Wade into the thick of the fight using deadly melee skills, or tactically use cover to dispatch hordes of creatures with bows and spells. Use powerful magic to boost your partner’s combat effectiveness and even the odds against increasingly formidable enemies.											Forge Your Own Levels: Create and share your own challenging dungeon designs with The Crucible, a powerful in-game editor that provides endless opportunities for exploration and battles for you and your friends.																	