
							About This Software
							Action! - The world's No. 1 gameplay recorder!With Action! you can record and stream  your gameplay, fullscreen Windows desktop, selected Windows desktop region, web player videos, music, benchmark and display game framerates, add live audio commentary, add webcams and much more! With outstanding performance and sleek design Action! defines a new standard of user experience for real-time gameplay recording and streaming software.Top reasons why gamers select Action!  Smooth HD gameplay recording up to 120fps! The best recording performance and low CPU usage! Easy to use and stylish user interface! Up to 20 times smaller video recordings! Video recording directly to MP4! (H.264/AVC) with hardware acceleration Microphone audio commentary and  webcams support! Fast export directly to YouTube and Facebook! LIVE Streaming to Twitch.tv, Facebook, YouTube,hitbox and more!Key features: Full features list is available at: http://actionrecorder.com/en/features  Recording gameplay of DirectX 8/9/10/11/12 and OpenGL games  LIVE Streaming games to Twitch.tv, YouTube, hitbox, Facebook and more services! Display and benchmark FPS and average FPS for games  Direct gameplay recording to MP4 (H.264/AVC) format with Intel Quick Sync Video, NVIDIA NVENC and AMD APP acceleration!  Adding webcam to gameplay recordings with optional background removal  Recording fullscreen Windows desktop with full support for Windows 8, Windows 8.1 and Windows 10 Recording selected region of Windows desktop  Recording web player videos  Perfectly smooth web player video recordings with Perfect Video Match Mode  Save game benchmark results to CSV file  Recordings pause/resume option  Adding custom logo/overlay graphics  Logitech G13/G15/G19 keyboards LCD display support  Live audio commentary with microphone  Microphone mixing level adjustment  Recording audio only  Fullscreen games and desktop screenshots to JPG, PNG or BMP  Capturing selected region desktop screenshots  Option to detect framerate of source web player video  Exporting video recordings to popular formats, devices, YouTube and Facebook  CUDA, NVIDIA NVENC, AMD APP and Quick Sync Video acceleration for video exporting Upload to YouTube and Facebook  User friendly and stylish interface  Smooth and easy recording playback with built in Action! player  Ultimate performance, low CPU usage and high FPS video recording  Mouse clicks visualizations  Recorded webcams preview in Action! HUD Custom hotkeys  Displaying detected 3D engine for games and applications  Multicore CPU Support 						