
							About This Content
							X3: Albion Prelude Bonus Package 5.1.00The bonus content in this Bonus Package is a selection of signed plugin scripts for X3: Albion Prelude, created by members of the Egosoft forum community and validated by Egosoft.Contents of the Bonus Package:Commercial AgentThe Commercial Agent can serve all the needs of a single player station or complex, both buying resources and selling products as necessary. But in order to unlock all its abilities an Agent must train by carrying out simple duties for a while.Commodity Logistics Software MK1This software supports the pilot in coordinating his internal production logistics. It will enable a pilot to collect orders from different consumers within your enterprise and coordinate them with chosen suppliers. Therefore, it is possible to deliver the products from several suppliers of a single resource to different consumers.Commodity Logistics Software MK2This software allows the pilot to plan a route. The pilot is instructed to follow a given route and the corresponding commodity transfer orders for each intermediate stop entered. This enables the pilot to fulfil special tasks within the company or even at different stations. The route entered will be followed repeatedly until the pilot receives new orders.Dockware ManagerA small extension to add or remove wares from player owned Trading Stations, Equipment Docks or Headquarters. The Manager can set limits for the different wares for the player Headquarters too. These limits get considered by Commercial Agents and Commodity Logistics MK1 pilots.Hephaistos Corp. Station Building ServiceThe Hephaistos Corporation supports the player in building stations. After ordering stations the Hephaistos Corp. will care about purchasing, delivering and building the stations as compact as possible at a desired place.Missile Defense MosquitoThis software protects a ship - or a whole convoy that the ship is part of - against missile attacks and fighter drones by using Mosquito missiles.MK3 Blacklist ManagerMK3-traders automatically maintain a blacklist of sectors they won't pick as destinations for any flights. The Blacklist Manager gives the player the power to modify this blacklist and to add sectors and stations to it. Stations in the blacklist, and stations in blacklisted sectors, will not be picked as targets for trade runs.Satellite Early Warning NetworkThis allows you to link your advanced satellites into a network to report enemy activity in sectors and initiate, where possible, appropriate countermeasures. Among others additional settings let you also activate the report of ownerless ships.Turbo BoostThe Turbo Boost device is capable of temporarily speeding up a ship beyond what's normally possible.Turret On/Off HotkeyThis script provides greater control over your ship's turrets, acting as a 'hold/open fire' mechanism for all turrets.						