
							About This Content
							Note! You can purchase only 1 Pack of the same value to 1 War Thunder account. Refund is not provided if you purchase 2 different packs, which include the same aircraft or you already have the aircraft from the pack! War Thunder Steam Pack includes:P-36A “Hawk” fighter (Rank 1 USA) of lieutenant Philip M Rasmussen, one of the few American pilots, who managed to take off to protect Pearl Harbor from furious attacks of Japanese planes. Two aircraft: XP-38G Lightning (Rank 2 USA), A6M5 Ko (Rank 4 Japan). Two single player campaigns: USA Pacific Campaign (1941-1942), Japanese Pacific Campaign (1941-1942). Premium account for 30 days. 1700 Golden Eagles.The Historical campaigns of the Pacific theatre of war (1941-1942) will allow you to repeat the strategies of the US and Japanese pilots from the Attack on Pearl Harbor to the Battle of Guadalcanal. You will enjoy precisely reconstructed battles over the ground and ocean, photorealistic locations, and footage of historical chronicles. The P-38 Lightning is a significant representative of the US Army Air Force, a heavy fighter with an unusual twin-boom tail. With its ability to fly for up to 3600 km (2237 mi), they were often used for bomber escort missions or reconnaissance. These aircraft were used by some of the most effective US ace pilots - Richard Ira Bong with 40 victories and Thomas McGuire with 38 victories for example. The Model G of the P-38 has more powerful engines than the earlier series and is armed with a nose mounted 20-mm cannon and four 0.50 machineguns which allow for very precise accuracy. The A6M5 Ko. was one of the latest and the most advanced models of the legendary Zero naval fighter. It was the fastest modification with a top speed of 565 km/h, but with the same agility. No other plane can “outturn” a Zero in game apart from biplanes, so in horizontal maneuvers the A6M5 Ko has no rival. Just like all premium vehicles, the XP-38G and the A6M5 Ko will earn more Research Points and Silver Lions for each battle and comes already furnished with all the available improvements. Just like all premium vehicles, the XP-38G and A6M5 Ko allow you to earn increased Research Points and Silver Lions for each battle and come furnished with all available modifications. With a Premium account (also purchasable in the game for Golden Eagles) you will earn more Research Points and Silver Lions during each battle for a set amount of days. This is cumulative with bonuses from premium vehicles!Attention!Available for Linux, Windows and Mac only. You can't activate this item for the PSN-account. Please note that some payment methods can affect the final purchase price.						