
							About This Game
							
					Red Alert 3: Uprising features four new mini-campaigns, giving players a deeper dive into the storyline's of the Soviets, the Allies, the Empire of the Rising Sun and a unique campaign centered on the origins of everyone’s favorite psionic Japanese schoolgirl commando,  Yuriko Omega. Set in the aftermath of Red Alert 3, the Soviet Union is still reeling from its crushing defeat.  The Empire of the Rising Sun is desperately trying to regain both honor and identity, and the seemingly victorious Allies find themselves in the midst of corruption and deceit within their own ranks.
					
					How will the defeated Soviets react to the occupation and the presence of FutureTech, the mysterious company contracted by the Allies to develop new technologies in the Soviets’ homeland? How will the humiliated Empire of the Rising Sun rise up and defend itself against the former Soviet commanders who have invaded their territory in a post-war land grab? How will the Allied occupational forces quash the uprising of the former Imperial commanders? And who is the mysterious Japanese commando Yuriko Omega?
					
					Four New Mini-Campaigns – Battle your way through four all-new mini-campaigns featuring classic fast, furious, and fun C&C action. New stories and missions will cover all three factions, plus experience an entirely new, dungeon crawler campaign centered on the Empire’s commando, Yuriko Omega. Find out what the dubious tech company FutureTech is producing in their secret research facility, how the Soviets and the Empire deal with their inferior situation and witness Yuriko Omega’s rise from captive to deadly assassin
					Challenge the Best! – How will you fight gigantic parachuting war bears, falling satellites,  or an entire army of Yurikos?  Can you beat the par time in each challenge?  The new Commander’s Challenge mode puts you right in the action of 50 grueling challenges against 9 commanders from different territories and factions. Gamers skilled enough to make it through the daunting gauntlet will gradually unlock new units and find tougher opponents in a true test of RTS skills
					The Largest Cast in the History of Video Games Gets Bigger and Better – Command & Conquer’s trademark live-action videos return with stunning HD cinematics telling the deep story of Uprising. Fan favorites like Gemma Atkinson and Ivana Milicevic will make their return to Red Alert, alongside Malcolm McDowell, wrestling legend Ric Flair, Jamie Chung, Holly Valance, Julia Ling and many more!
					New, Over-the-Top Units – Uprising brings you 11 new over-the-top units in true Red Alert fashion. Use the agile Archer Maidens with their dangerous energy arrows, the fully amphibious Grinder that will crush everything in its path or the giant Giga-Fortress, a flying cyborg head s bigger than any other unit you have seen in Red Alert. Freeze your enemies with the Cryo Legionnaire or poison them with the radioactive liquid of the Desolator Trooper
					
					 						