
							About This Game
							The Old God has left the world and the pretenders are awakening and coming out from hiding. You start the game by designing one of the pretender gods that will compete for true ascension to godhood. The type of god can range from a magically powerful arch mage to an ancient kraken or a mystic monolith that people pray to.Dominions 3 is a turn based strategy game taking place in a fantasy world with world altering magic rituals and horrors capable of destroying nations.A large variety of spells, monsters and special abilities is something this game definitely has. There are more than 60 different nations, 1500 different units, 600 spells and 300 magic items in the game. The game also features a medieval musical score by Erik Ask Uppmark and Anna Rynefors, both awarded the title of Musicians of the Realm by the Swedish Zornmärkeskommiten. Dominions 3 is a highly detailed game and a 300 page pdf manual is included in the download. Features include:    Many monsters (1500+) and many many special abilities.    Over 60 different nations to choose from, varying from Marignon with paladins, witch hunters and inquisitors to under water nations like the Lovecraft inspired R'lyeh.    Three Eras to play in, Early era is most magic and the late era is more technologically advanced with good steel weapons and armors.    Design your pretender god and how his dominion influences provinces and his sacred units.    Multiplayer with simultaneous turns (up to 23 players).    Network or Play by E-Mail for multiplayer.    AI opponents for single- or multiplayer game.    Random maps.    An extensive magic system with over 600 spells.    Blood magic, power your rituals with human sacrifices.    Global ritual that affect the entire world.    More than 300 magic items.    Unique magic artifacts that all players compete for, once forged no one else can make it.    Mercenaries are bought on a global market.    Scouts, Assassins, Spies, Seducers, Corruptors, Werewolves, Illusionists and more can be sneaking in your provinces.    Build Castles, Temples and Labs.    Permanent battle afflictions.    A 300 page pdf manual including a tutorial and a spell and magic item reference.    Easy to Mod (2d graphics)    Playable on Windows, Mac OSX and Linux.						