
							About This Game
							Risk of Rain is an action platformer with roguelike elements. With permanent death as a primary feature, players will have to play their best to get as far as possible. Fight on a mysterious planet with randomly spawning enemies and bosses, either alone or with 3 friends in online co-op. With over 100 items at your disposal, you will find the tools you need to find the teleporter back home. Discover a myriad of randomly chosen stages, from the desolate forest to the frozen tundra. The three main goals for our game are simple:      1. Design a game that is randomly generated every play-through, to keep replayability high and fresh.      2. Time = difficulty. The higher the in-game time gets, the harder the difficulty gets. Keeping a sense of urgency keeps the game exciting!      3. Be enjoyable, regardless of whether you win or lose. No more fussing with complex and non-intuitive gameplay patterns. Players should not blame the game for their loss!''..joy comes from amassing items, gaining experience and watching your character evolve into a godly killing machine.'' - Joystiq ''This game is immaculate. The enemy design, the sound effects, the powers, the fights, all of it feels wonderful.'' - Eurogamer"..a ridiculously compelling procedurally generated side-scrolling platform survivor-me-do, with multiple characters to play as, single and co-op play, and some of the hardest-hitting deaths I've experienced in such games" - RockPaperShotgunKey FeaturesEngage in local and online multiplayer with friends and other players from around the world! Play and unlock 12 unique characters, from the Commando to the Miner to the Engineer. Fight through hordes of different enemies and bosses, randomly chosen by the game with random abilities and powers. Get lost and discover 10 massive levels with different enemies, shrines, and chests on each one! Recruit the help of a wide variety of drones, from missile drones to healing drones! Unlock the lore of the game through the item and monster logs! Unlock new items and characters through difficult achievements to keep the game fresh with each playthrough. Save your best highscores and stats!						