
							About This Game
							As the owner of a brand new railway company, you must manage train schedules, develop new railways, construct buildings, and manipulate the stock market on your quest to earn one trillion dollars.Have you ever wondered what it's like to manage a railway company, or how trains can impact the fate of an entire city? A-Train 8 answers these questions! The task will be fun, but not necessarily easy. Your company relies on the citizens for revenue, and the city needs your railway to function and thrive. If you fail to master this relationship, both your company and the city will face certain derailment.The future of the city is in your hands!In-Depth Management. Plenty of Challenges.The gameplay of A-Train 8 is no simple affair. If you want to succeed, you will have to make decisions based on time, weather, terrain, financial status, and many other factors, but there are plenty of metrics and reports to help you out!Realistic Trains and Buildings. Beautiful Textures.A-Train 8 delivers more than just realistic gameplay. All of the visuals are inspired by real life, including the trains, buildings, and even monuments such as the Eiffel Tower!Ten Default ScenariosA-Train 8 will help realize your passion for railway management and city development with its ten default scenarios, intuitive gameplay, realistic 3D graphics, and in-depth map editor!Choose from one of our pre-constructed scenarios, each with a different element of challenge that will help you learn and ultimately master the game. Each scenario includes a city that needs you to solve a significant problem, such as uncompromising terrain, underdeveloped infrastructure, and poor management.Deep And Involved GameplayAs a simulation game, A-Train 8 is all about giving control to the players. Nearly everything you can think of can be managed, from train schedules to proposed projects to stocks. Once you make a decision, the results begin to take effect immediately. Constructing the right kind of buildings in the right area will lead to more commuters and further city development, a win-win situation. On the other hand, poor schedule management and overextending will lead to a loss in commuters, severely impacting your company’s bottom line. Every decision you make is important!Major factors that will affect your management include:Time & Weather: Time passes continuously in A-Train 8, affecting train and construction schedules. Weather will change constantly: both snow and rain are possible at a moment's notice!The Terrain: Certain areas are not ideal for development, and laying track over water is not cheap!Financial Information: You will have complete access to your company’s balance sheet, railroad statistics, city trends, and stock/real estate reports. These reports are constantly updated throughout the simulation.The Market: Equity and debt financing could very well give you the funds needed to expand your empire. You can buy/sell stocks, take out loans, and even sell real estate!Building Tracks: Every track your company lays must be planned carefully. Not only does track cost money, but inefficient or inadequate track will slow down city development and decrease the amount of commuters!Train Schedules: With the help of a Schedule Wizard and your own business sense, you will have the tools to create the most streamlined schedule possible given the circumstances. Smart scheduling will save your company money while still keeping the citizens happy.The Trains: Each train has a slew of advantages and disadvantages. Elements such as speed, cost, maintenance, and capacity must be taken into account.Realistic 3D GraphicsTo ensure the most realistic experience possible, A-Train 8’s graphics are inspired heavily by real trains and buildings.Trains: There are eleven trains available by default, ranging from commuters to freighters to lightning-fast magnetics.Buildings: Dozens of hotels, factories, high rises, and residential buildings are at your disposal. Build 60-story skyscrapers, parks, airports, and even amusement parks!Monuments: Place a unique stamp on your city with iconic landmarks such as the Eiffel Tower, Big Ben, and the Colosseum!Map Construction ModeWhether you’ve already mastered the default scenarios or you want to build your own area from scratch, A-Train 8’s Map Construction Mode will ensure that each simulation is unique. Once you’re happy with your custom map, you can simulate it in Game Mode and manage your company for real!Terrain Editor: In Map Construction Mode, you start with a large swath of flat land, ready to be molded into the terrain that you are envisioning. You have complete control over the map’s elevation and water, providing your map with uniqueness in both aesthetics and challenge.Lifted Limitations: Construction does not cost money or materials, allowing you to build a large city from scratch before you even simulate a single day!Customized Information: You can set the starting funds for your new simulation, opening up limitless possibilities for challenge. Imagine creating a minimalistic map with a large amount of initial funds, or a well developed town with a nearly bankrupted railway company that is struggling to keep it afloat.						