
							About This Content
							The Su-27, NATO codename Flanker, is one of the pillars of modern-day Russian combat aviation. Built to counter the American F-15 Eagle, the Flanker is a twin-engine, supersonic, highly manoeuvrable air superiority fighter. The Flanker is equally capable of engaging targets well beyond visual range as it is in a dogfight given its amazing slow speed and high angle attack manoeuvrability. Using its radar and stealthy infrared search and track system, the Flanker can employ a wide array of radar and infrared guided missiles. The Flanker also includes a helmet-mounted sight that allows you to simply look at a target to lock it up! In addition to its powerful air-to-air capabilities, the Flanker can also be armed with bombs and unguided rockets to fulfil a secondary ground attack role. Su-27 for DCS World focuses on ease of use without complicated cockpit interaction, significantly reducing the learning curve. As such, Su-27 for DCS World features keyboard and joystick cockpit commands with a focus on the most mission critical of cockpit systems.Note: This will be a free update to owners of Flaming Cliffs 3!Key Features of the Su-27 for DCS World:A professional level flight model provides unmatched flight physics that allow you to truly feel what it's like to fly this amazing aircraft.Perform the “cobra” and other “out of the envelope” maneuvers.Highly detailed, six-degrees-of-freedom (6 DOF) cockpit. Accurate Su-27 Flanker model, squadron markings, and weapons.Battle the F-15C head-to-head.ABOUT DCS WORLDDigital Combat Simulator World (DCS World) is a free-to-play digital battlefield game, focusing on a military aircraft, ground unit, and naval simulation. It includes a FREE TF-P1D Mustang and a Su-25T attack aircraft. DCS World includes a vast mission area of the Caucasus region that encompasses much of Georgia - the location of the 2008 conflict. Further maps will be available in 2014.Additionally, DCS World includes: Powerful mission and campaign editors Multiplayer Massive inventory of air, land and sea combat units and weapons Advanced AI Fast mission generator Dynamic weather and seasons Training missions Mission replay system Pilot log bookThis all allows the creation of engaging, real-world combat missions in this flashpoint region. DCS is a true "sandbox" simulation that can and will cover multiple time periods covering many types of combat and civilian units. DCS World allows both realistic game play and more relaxed game play to suit the player. Download DCS World for free from: www.dcs-world.comAbout The Fighter CollectionThe Fighter Collection, as well as developing software for the entertainment and serious game markets, also operates, rebuilds and maintains Europe's largest collection of airworthy WWII fighters and is based at Duxford Airfield, in the UK. For more information visit our websites: http://www.fighter-collection.com/						