
							About This Game
							8BitMMO is a retro-style 2D massively multiplayer game! It's a giant construction sandbox -- you can build a home or a castle in a persistent streaming world. Found and manage your own city. Fight evil LawyerCats and engage in Player vs Player battle.Features100% Player Built World - The entire world is built by players.  Build your own house, town, voxelart, or dungeon.  The world is massive -- there's plenty of space to build in, and it streams in as you explore (no load screens).Be the Mayor - Start your own town and invite your friends.  You'll have an array of management tools for overseeing your town.Interactive Development - The entire game only has one full-time developer, and development is still ongoing.  You can submit and vote on ideas -- many of the top voted ideas have been implemented into the game.  Free updates with new content and features are frequently released.Anti-Griefing Systems - Several systems protect players from griefing.Free To Play - No purchase necessary to have fun.  Support the developer and buy a fancy hat... or don't.  (Premium items give NO competitive advantage)Customize your Character - Wear hats, clothing, accessories, change your skin colorBecome a Zombie - Want to be a zombie?  You can!  But you'll need a steady supply of delicious brains from other players.  Don't worry, after you eat their brain, they'll be zombies too!Fight Nefarious Enemies - Congressional Lobbyist Slugs, LawyerCats, and Hipsters oh my.MegaMap - The world is huge, so the MegaMap interface (based on Google Maps API) is a handy way to browse the world and share your creations with friends.Music - Enjoy chiptune from legendary artists Danimal Cannon, Zef, PROTODOME, and Honin Myo Audio.Introducing the Steam Founder's PacksPlease consider supporting development by optionally purchasing a Steam Founder's Pack.  You will receive a variety of benefits:After you have purchased a Steam Founder's pack, please restart the game launcher for the game to detect the purchase.						