
							About This Game
							Shovel Knight is a sweeping classic action adventure game with awesome gameplay, memorable characters, and an 8-bit retro aesthetic. It's a hot mashup of new and old! You play as the eponymous Shovel Knight, a small knight with a huge quest. Shovel Knight has come to this land with two goals: to defeat the evil Enchantress and quest for his lost beloved. He wields a Shovel Blade: a multipurpose weapon whose techniques have now been lost to the ages. Always honest and helpful, Shovel Knight is a shining example of the code of Shovelry: Slash Mercilessly and Dig Tirelessly! But, between Shovel Knight and his beloved stands a cadre of villainous knights. These terrible foes, known as The Order of No Quarter, have been dispatched to prevent Shovel Knight from reaching the Enchantress, and will pursue their mission at any cost. If you love games with perfect platforming, beautiful art, infectious music, crazy bosses, humor and levity, and real heart… Shovel Knight is for you!Features:Shovel Knight’s beautifully authentic style bridges the gap between yesterday and today. Design, art, and audio hearken back to the days of 8-bit.The systems of today also give Shovel Knight modern touches: detailed animation, multilayered parallax backgrounds, and evolved game design.Perfect your platforming skills as you take down each of the knights of the Order of No Quarter.Flip enemies! Leap over gaps! Duel with foes! Dig up treasure! Find Secrets! Upgrade! Shovel Knight is simple to learn and play, but challenge lies everywhere.Awesome soundtrack by Jake "Virt" Kaufman with additional songs by Manami Matsumae!Master an array of magical Relic subweapons.Amass riches to upgrade your armor and weapons.Detailed, living background and animation! Big, beautiful pixels!Crazy bosses and lovable characters.Balanced gameplay is a warm welcome to newcomers, and an old embrace for experts.A light touch to narrative with humor, levity, and heart.Overworld Map allows your quest unfold in a unique order!Retell the adventure and uncover all of the world's secrets with New Game+!Introducing Shovel Knight: Plague of Shadows!Embark on a new adventure starring Plague Knight, the addled alchemical master of disaster! Featuring a brand new playable character, all new relics, new systems, new boss battles, level tweaks, and a brand new story to adventure through!Is your science up to snuff? Take on Plague Knight specific challenges with new Feats!Prove your mettle in Challenge Mode. Take on speed run challenges, boss rematches, and other rule-benders… and expect some tricky puzzles too!When you complete the game as Shovel Knight, Plague of Shadows will be unlocked! To start as Plague Knight, create a new profile and choose Plague Knight from the Character Select menu.There may be a way to unlock Plague of Shadows without finishing the Shovel Knight campaign…						