
							About This Content
							The Focke-Wulf Fw 190 is widely regarded as Germany's best fighter aircraft of World War II. Its appearance in the skies over France in August 1941 was a rude shock to the Allies, as it was clearly superior to any other plane. For nearly a year, the Fw 190 was the unmatched champion of the air war in Europe. The Fw 190 had speed and high altitude performance as its two great assets.The development of advanced allied fighters resulted in the Fw 190 D–9 variant which first saw service in September 1944. This variant had a larger nose that housed a more powerful Junkers Jumo engine that produced 2,100 hp with the MW-50 boost system. The D-9 was designed for high altitude aerial combat and is a worthy adversary to the P-51D Mustang.Key Features of the DCS: Fw 190 D-9 Dora:Unmatched flight physics that allow you to truly feel what it's like to fly this legend.Highly detailed, six-degrees-of-freedom (6 DOF) cockpit.Interact with cockpit controls with your mouse.Accurate Fw 190 D-9 model, squadron markings, and weapons.Detailed modelling the Fw 190 D-9 instruments, weapons, engine, radios, fuel, and electrical systems.Battle the P-51D Mustang in single and multiplayer games.ABOUT DCS WORLDDigital Combat Simulator World (DCS World) is a free-to-play digital battlefield game, focusing on a military aircraft simulation. It includes a FREE TF-P1D Mustang and a Su-25T attack aircraft. DCS World includes a vast mission area of the Caucasus region that encompasses much of Georgia - the location of the 2008 conflict. Further maps will be available in 2015.Additionally, DCS World includes:Powerful mission and campaign editorsMultiplayerMassive inventory of air, land and sea combat units and weaponsAdvanced AIFast mission generatorDynamic weather and seasonsTraining missionsMission replay systemPilot log bookThis all allows the creation of engaging, real-world combat missions in this flashpoint region. DCS is a true "sandbox" simulation that can and will cover multiple time periods covering many types of combat and civilian units. DCS World allows both realistic game play and more relaxed game play to suit the player.Download DCS World for free from: www.dcs-world.comAbout The Fighter CollectionThe Fighter Collection, as well as developing software for the entertainment and serious game markets, also operates, rebuilds and maintains Europe's largest collection of airworthy WWII fighters and is based at Duxford Airfield, in the UK. For more information visit our websites: http://www.fighter-collection.com/						