
							About This Game
							Off to the next round! Experience a new omnibus simulator with OMSI 2 and start discovering Spandau while driving the omnibus. OMSI 2 is the successor of the well-known and awarded omnibus simulator "OMSI - The Bus Simulator". OMSI 2 not only offers the routes and buses you already know from OMSI, but adds lots of exciting new features. In OMSI 2 you can drive the first ever articulated bus in the OMSI history, the MAN NG272. Explore the new omnibus line 5 covering a total distance of 12 km from the subway station Ruhleben to the psychiatric clinic Spandau. Thanks to the newly added chronology function you´ll not only be able to drive through Spandau in 1986, but also to relive the changes taking place in Spandau between 1986 and 1994.Enjoy the charm of the 80s and 90s and find out how the period after the fall of the Berlin Wall was. And this all at wheel of a double-decker or articulated bus.New features in OMSI 2:    The articulated bus MAN NG272 with the exact physical and visual recreation of the joint kinematics as well as corresponding sounds and systems (bending protection).    The MAN NL202 as well as reworked and added models of the known types SD200 and SD202 (more years of production, emergency door openers, destination boards, sound variations depending on vehicle number).    The Spandau omnibus line 5 from the subway station Ruhleben to the psychiatric clinic Spandau covering a total distance of 12 km, several new buildings, a squeezed timetable and a tight 5 minute rhythm with various bus termini and assignments for diverse and long lasting driving pleasure.    Replication of original timetables and tour plans for omnibus lines 5 and 92.    Chronology function: Relive the change taking place in Spandau between 1986 and 1994! OMSI 2 now replicates the exciting years following the German reunification and all the innovations and route expansions (line 137 to Falkensee) that came along with it. This function also allows temporary changes to maps or routes caused by construction sites or special buses.    Advanced and improved AI traffic (better road- and steering behaviour, railway- and subway traffic)    System damage model including different malfunctions which take time to fix    OMSI 2 supports a world coordinate system so it is possible to import a DEM (Digital Elevation Model) with the help of a DLL you can even program yourself.    Animated real vertical profile on the Spandau map    New script functions such as full matrix view, advanced access to system variables.    New editor functions: automatic import of aerial imagery, terrain adapts to run of the road, improved spline connection algorithm, rotation of objects around all axes. Intersections can easily be equipped with individual vertical profiles.    Saving optimized loading of maps which allows considerably larger mapsAdditional features:    The classic versions of the MAN double-decker buses SD200 and SD202 are included    Realistic and intelligent traffic and detailed landscape    Realistic and controllable weather and seasonal effects    Realistic day and night effects    Many animations and animated objects    Fully functional IBIS (integrated on-board information system)    Four different views: driver sight, passenger sight, exterior view or free view    Script engine to influence the handling characteristics and functions of the bus    Easy to use, map-based track editorInsert your own vehicles    Compatible with TrackIR 5						