
							About This Game
							Entropy is an open-universe science fiction MMO with a strong focus on freeform gameplay and large-scale space combat. Explore a hostile galaxy filled with over a hundred solar systems, each completely explorable, where you can hunt, trade, mine and salvage in order to survive. In Entropy, you can play the way you want, and take part in shaping a universe where you, the players, are in control.Key featuresMassively multiplayer Space CombatEntropy finally delivers a true dogfighting experience in an MMO environment. Experience the thrill of skill-based combat set against a massively multiplayer arena, where up to a hundred simultaneous players per instance can fight for supremacy. Dynamic TradeEconomics is the engine that drives the universe of Entropy, and a good knowledge of supply and demand can make you a fortune. Whether you play the market and trade between different stations, transporting goods across star systems crawling with pirates, mine rich asteroids or loot ancient relics, there are many routes to riches. CustomisationA deep character development system allows you to customize yours skills and ship modules to be the best possible pilot in the role that you want to play. Offensive, defensive and passive abilities allow you to customise your approach to combat and survival. Add to this a deep avatar creator with infinite variations, and you have a game intent on making each player unique and specialised.ExplorationEntropy already has 120 explorable star systems that can be interacted with on three different gameplay levels. The Galaxy map allows you to plot routes across the galaxy, through safe or hostile territory. The System map is where you travel between locations, hunt down players with valuable loot, and discover Sectors containing rich mining fields and ancient derelicts. These Sectors are the 3D levels in which the action will take place. Many sectors are permanent features of a system, but there are also dynamic Sectors that will only appear through persistent exploration.Entropy is a true MMO - not just an arena shooter or a single-player game with added online functionality. You can interact with thousands of other players - some friendly, many hostile. Your actions will shape and influence the persistent universe.						