
							About This Game
							Ring Runner combines the fast-paced action of space combat with the rich story and skill variety of an RPG.Trek across the universe in a 30 hour long story-driven campaign based on a companion Sci Fi novel, or challenge 6 scenarios alone, cooperatively, or competitively through local or online multiplayer. Choose from 60 customizable hulls that act as templates for 400+ wildly-varied skills. Level layouts, backgrounds, and AI enemies are all procedurally generated, yielding billions of challenges.StoryYou awake from unelective brain surgery to find key memory centers of your brain missing. They've been replaced by Nero, your peanut-butter-craving neuro-Hud, who'll guide you through the universal super-highways known as The Rings. If you survive fiery trench runs, flail-swinging gladiators, and feuding trash moguls, you'll discover that you're a Sage, capable of rewriting the physical laws with your thoughts.But beware The Extinguishers!In the interests of universal order, The Consortium of the Inner Rings has slated the Sages for extinction, plunging the cosmos into a war with casualties measured in galaxies. You'll play a pivotal role in this terrible battle... if you can find out who you are.Big PictureFeatures    400+ Unique Abilities - many inspired by fantasy games    60 Fully Customizable Ships - five archetypes, with many hybrids to choose from    30 Hour Story-Driven Campaign - universe based on a companion Sci Fi novel    6 Scenarios - Play alone or coop and competitively through online multiplayer    Infinite Challenges - The level layouts, backgrounds, and AI enemies are procedurally generated    Reliable Multiplayer - drop-in and drop-out of games with seamless host migration; no waiting in lobbies     Local Coop - "Duo" ships allow a friend to act as a copilot, usable in multiplayer modes and second half of campaign    Full Soundtrack - 20 tracks of music and hundreds of original sound effects    Classic Arcade Inspired Mini-games - earn Sage abilities by conquering challenges in The Subrostrum    30 Prebuilt Ships - jump straight into the action with these handcrafted hullsScenariosChallenge these Scenarios through single or Online Multiplayer:    Space Defense League - League of Legends/DotA in space! Complete with cruisers, bosses, swarms of drones, and waves of power up crates    Zombie Survival - Rack up the kills before the hordes of space zombies feast on the atoms of your brains; defeat custom bosses to gain Super Sage abilities!    Wave Survival - Survive waves of procedurally generated bosses, swarmers, and standard ships    Gladiator Mode - Run a gauntlet of procedurally generated bosses    Spire Battle - Fast-paced base vs base battles    Deathmatch - No teams; it's every Sage for his or herselfSteam WorkshopPress Quotes"Clearly had a little TLC put into it. The writing is solid by video game standards, the graphics are solid by indie game standards and the game’s fun by any standard."     - Indiestatik"At its best, it takes the very idea of a twin-stick shooter, shakes it by the collar and shrieks, 'Space is enormous and deserves more than lasers and lightshows – let us strive for the beauty and variety that the stars deserve.'"      - Rock, Paper, Shotgun"Bites off way more than it can chew, and it’s endlessly endearing for it."     - GiantBomb						