
							About This Game
							OUT NOW - The Real Texas - Part 2, Part 1 - Cellpop Goes Out At NightTexas is launching on Steam with an all-new mini-sequel, Cellpop Goes Out At Night. The sequel is included in the Dusty Skies Edition. Buy them together and save 10%!OVERVIEW"These days, folks have a lot of funny ideas about what makes a Real Cowboy..."The Real Texas is an action adventure game that plays like a mashup of Zelda: Link to the Past and Ultima VI.Sam, an ordinary Texas rancher, is on holiday in England when he steps through a blue portal and into a purgatory dimension, Strange:Here, a friendly witch is handing out guns to visitors. A crazed, German-speaking wizard hurls elecbolts from his castle. And upriver, something's going on that involves a lot of chickens.Stuck in the middle sits Sam, a Real Cowboy.... But that's just his job title back home-- it's not obvious that it's of any practical help here!USER REVIEWSThe game has been out for awhile-- here's some reviews from other sites: "This thing is like some bizarre voxel dream, with its square, swaggerin' cowboys and its castles and insane German wizard-scientists and talking rats . . . It's fun and beautiful and a little bit rough on purpose, and I suppose I'll never forget it." - Abram03 "i will never forget this surreal nostalgic ride. i haven't had such a rewarding experience in a long time." - countersweet "This game is incredible and I cannot recommend it enough to everyone." - MicrowaveFEATURES Kill things with six types of classic cowboy and fantasy weapons Rummage through peoples' houses without fear of retribution while they go about their daily business Help people out with their PROBLEMS (*rolls eyes*) often by shooting your gun many, many times-- just like real life! Many special items and powerups, optional areas, and two types of chicken cutlets to collect Wear a bullet-proof vest underneath a sequined evening-gown if you want Supports all main game/life perlis including boss battles, enemies, traps, the estate taxIMPROVEMENTS AND OTHER NOTESFor the Steam release I added achievements, improved the framerate, added more compatibility options, remastered the sound effects and optimized things generally.Even without the mini-sequel it's a lot improved over the original release. But I was careful to NOT ret-conn the original game. People seemed to really like it, so I wanted to respect that by not changing it up in any way.To complete The Real Texas takes maybe about 10 hours, depending on what you want to do. Cellpop Goes Out At Night might take about 1-2 hours. Both the main game and the sequel have lots of secrets and weird things to uncover. In fact, there are some things that still haven't been figured out (to my knowledge) in four years... So I made it an achievement. Ha-ha! Good luck. :)I've put a lot of love into both of these games, and I hope you will find them special and enjoyable. Thanks!						