
							About This Game
							Game One of the iDGi-1 Trilogy. A murder mystery, on a plane, in the future.CONSORTIUM could be described as a first person science-fiction role-playing experience.  It also can be played like an adventure game.    The story begins in our world - the "real world" - where we here at Interdimensional Games have developed a satellite (iDGi-1) capable of opening a digital rift through time and space.  Anyone with an internet connection can travel through this rift and awaken within an alternate dimension from our own - the "game world" - in the year 2042. The first of a planned trilogy, CONSORTIUM contains a fully resolvable arc entirely aboard Zenlil, it plays like a "bottle episode" of Star Trek with you being part of the cast.Immerse yourself in an interactive story taking place entirely aboard the C-3800-D "ZENLIL" Consortium Command vessel on December 21st, 2042...Built with a modified version of the SOURCE engine, explore ZENLIL, a living and highly interactive environment with complete freedom and agency.  Includes turbulence and non-scripted decompression events! Engage with a cast of over 20 people in innovative and life like conversation.  Over 4,000 lines of fully voiced dialogue, each choice changes how they think about you.   Or choose not to engage with them at all and never speak a word!Experience an all original orchestral score by award winning composer Jeremy SouleAct as detective investigating an on-board murder, while simultaneously playing peacemaker to a large band of mercenaries who seem to want YOU dead. Or play diplomacy with a smoking barrel, and let the tragedies continue to mount. Dive into a world with well over 150,000 words of back-story and lore, where everything you read, see, speak, or hear relates to the story and characters, and everything is there for a reason.A highly original energy based inventory system with original sci-fi weapons, gadgets and armor. The story unfolds based largely on your actions. You may use diplomacy and talk your way through the entire game - never shooting anyone! OR, decide to use deadly or non-lethal force. Forge lasting relationships with the crew of ZENLIL, and alter the course of the story through your actions. Your choices will change your play experience, and subsequent playthroughs offer the chance to make different decisions and see all new outcomes. Regardless of what you choose to do or not, the experience always moves forward, adapting seamlessly to YOU.						