
							About This Game
							SummaryIn From the Depths you can build and take first-person command of battleships, planes, submarines, space ships, hot air balloons and more! The game is currently in alpha and contains a wide range of single player content including: A creative mode allowing you to push your designs to the limit and ensure the total annihilation of your opponents.  A campaign waged over hundreds of islands against eight unique factions.  A Story Mode where you can (eventually!) play 15 missions as each of the eight factions - a fantastic mixture of strategy, design and wild battles! Defend your fleet against waves of enemy forces in a series of extremely tough challenges that unlock new components.   An expansive multiplayer and co-op element is planned for the coming months!Key FeaturesDesign and build your fleet, fortresses and structures however you want. The alpha currently has over 400 unique components blocks, not including 29 different components for making missiles, torpedoes, depth charges and bombs. The sky's the limit, you can equip your vehicle with - cannons, lasers, mines, bombs, missiles, torpedoes, propellers, rudders, jet engines, wings, hydrofoils, hot air balloons, anchors, fire control computers, blueprint spawners, repair bots, air pumps, automated control blocks and many, many more!Realistic physics - every block destroyed or added affects the vehicle's functionality, physics and control. Drag, inertia tensors, buoyancy and sealed compartments are all updated based on the design of your vehicle and the damage sustained.  Be part of a fantastic community (http://www.fromthedepthsgame.com/forum), with new releases made on average once a week. Community organised challenges and blueprint sharing make it an extremely friendly place to hang out! Customisable ComponentsThe customisable components in From the Depths allow a unique level of engineering customisation:Design custom missiles, bombs, depth charges and torpedoes by combining various warheads types, fuse types, IR seekers, laser beam riders, laser designators, thrusters, navigation algorithms, fuel pods, sonar seekers, buoyancy compartments and propellers, to deliver a truly bespoke weapon. Design custom cannons by combining four different barrel types and lengths with autoloaders, warhead types, ammo boxes and auxiliary components to create everything from AA cannons to howitzers. Design custom AI by combing an AI mainframe with 'AI cards' slotted into motherboard blocks. Add radar detection, laser detection and tracking and local weapon controllers to give partial or full control to AI. Create anything from a fully AI controlled aircraft carrier to a battery powered drone. Design custom engines using crank shafts, cylinders, carburetors, super chargers, exhausts and fuel injectors. Electric engines, generators and chargers are also available for backup power supplies and drones.Similar systems exist for the creation of anti-vehicle and anti-missile lasers, as well as drills that can cut even the largest of battleships in half. Workshop 						