
							About This Game
							"Numerous comments exploded the web all talking the same thing, that this might be the biggest game released on VR by far…” VR Headsets 3D"Though the HTC vive is incredible early in its life-cycle, it already has its first “killer-app.” Hooked GamerBringing the virtual pub experience to your living room, SportsBar VR is the ultimate social experience available in VR. Featuring an awesome set of bar games and an incredible pool simulation including 8 Ball, 9 Ball, Killer and many more, SportsBar VR is the best place to digitally play and practice billiards, anywhere!Join up with 6 of your friends to hangout and play some air hockey, throw a few rounds of darts or build an insane dominoes setup using books, chairs and bottles. Play with friends online or offline against the AI, earn experience points and unlock a wide array of collectible hats and fun objects to add a bit of swagger to your VR style.Whether you're a budding Ramp Ball champion, or its a serious game of pool you’re after or just want take part in the time-honored pastime of throwing empty beer bottles against the wall, there's no wrong way to hangout in SportsBar VR.Key Features!Play Real Pool - Delight your senses with an immersive and accurate representation of the sport using motion control and real pool physics (be careful not to lean on the table, it's not really there). Choose from several variations of pool with popular rule sets, or just hang out and hit some balls in free play.No Consequences - Enjoy the pleasure of throwing a bottle at your opponent or breaking one against the wall. Aggressively throw things around the bar without the worry of being arrested or thrown out! We won't make you clean-up in VR.A full bar of fun - Play air hockey, rampball, chess, checkers, shuffleboard, extra toys + minigames, and competitive challenge modes with and against your friends.Customize Your Game - Dress up your multiplayer avatar, customize your pool cue and controllers, decorate your table top and even the environment around you with tons of unlock-able goodies. Online and Offline Opponents - Play against the AI or with up to 6 players globally Online, including voice chat so you can really talk some smack!Kill Some Time - Play VR darts while waiting for your turn on the table, change the music or just explore the bar. Go Crazy - Grab, stack, and smash objects in the world. Create a tower of bottles, stack them high and launch a pool ball at it. Enjoy a Polished VR Experience - Years of VR / AR know how help provide a fun and comfortable VR space to hang out with your mates from the comfort of your own home.SportsBar VR is compatible with the HTC Vive and Oculus Rift w/ Touch						