
							About This Game
							The Golf Club is HB Studios’ next generation golf simulation. Stunning visual presentation and outstanding gameplay are to be expected but what really takes The Golf Club into the next generation is the procedural generation of courses and depth of social interaction. The Course Creator can generate a brand new course in seconds which can be shared and played immediately online with friends and other gamers across the world. There are also full editing capabilities for courses, Tournaments and Tours. Challenge your friends on a new or existing course in real time or try to beat their best recorded round. Add to this a myriad of stat tracking and personal bests of friends and rivals to beat, notifications, challenges and social media integration and you truly have a golf club worth joining.INTUITIVE CONTROL SYSTEM
We’ve created and fine tuned a swing mechanic that is more about feeling and fluidity above the users’ accuracy of hitting a marker on a power bar. Whilst anyone will be able to pick the controller up and play comfortably, the best players on the global leaderboards will be those with the best feel for the different golf shots and who are able to take into account ball lie, weather and terrain conditions.INSTANTANEOUS GAMEPLAYNo loading times between holes means you are straight back on the Tee after sinking your putt on the previous green. Also, minimal loading times into a new course make for a refreshing change to your typical console game.UNLIMITED COURSESNo more getting bored of the courses given to you by the developer. With four clicks you can generate a unique course never seen before that’s ready to play.GENERATE COURSESWith four clicks of a button from the main menu the game will generate for you a never been played before course. The variation is infinite!If you want to tailor the courses a little more there are high-level options available to you. Examples of these are the number of holes, par distribution, fairway width, number of bunkers, green size, green slope and rough coverage.EDIT AND CREATE YOUR OWN COURSESThe editor gives you the ability of create from scratch or mould anything on the course. You can alter the terrain, move tees, move greens, move holes, delete holes, add holes, bunkers, rivers, ponds, trees, foliage, buildings, animals and other objects.LARGE SELECTION OF PRE-DESIGNED COURSES SHIPPING WITH THE GAMECourses for all skill levels and utilizing the best of HB’s creative talents will ship with the game. They can be played individually but will also make up the tournament itinerary for the pre-designed Tour that also comes with the game.LOCAL MULTIPLAYERUp to four players can play locally. Differentiate yourselves with different character models and clothing and choose between stroke play, match play or fourball.ONLINE SHARING AND PLAYPlay others creations - work your way through the huge database of user created courses, each rated by other users to help make the decision easy to make.Share your courses with the World – when you’re happy with your creations you can publish them for the rest of the world to play.Play against others live or from the past - each round you play on every course is saved Online. Choose from Friends Rounds, Record Rounds or Rivals Rounds (others players close to your ability) to compete against. Their ghost balls and scores will be visible throughout your round giving you the feeling of competition without losing the instantaneous game play. Ghost and live balls can be hidden if so desired either selectively or en masse.Watch others play the courses you’re on live – through our ball trace system you can see other users from around the world on the course that you are playing live, even if they’re on different holes.						