
							About This Content
							Winter Gift!To activate your Gift:Go to the Gift Redeem PageLog in with your Aeria Account (not Steam Account!)Enter your DLC KeyClick on RedeemLog into Aura KingdomOnce in-game, open the Item Mall (Default Hotkey: I)On the bottom left of the Item Mall window, click on "Take All"This free DLC brings warmth and joy to all adventurers of Azuria! Contains:Santa's Helper Reindeer HornsAdvanced Treasure Charm 24h XP CrystalCharacter SalonAdvanced Weapon Fortification Scroll 1 x2Advanced Armor Fortification Scroll 1 x4About Aura Kingdom:Aura Kingdom is a popular Taiwanese Anime MMORPG published by Aeria Games. Developped by the studio behind the highly popular Eden Eternal and Grand Fantasia, Aura Kingdom offers a grand and beautiful world for every players to explore with beautiful anime graphics.Starting with one out of nine different classes, Aura Kingdom offers the possibility for players to select a sub-class once they reach max level, allowing for countless of original builds! Players will also walk along the side of their Eidolons in their journey, loyal interactive companions who grant the strength to unleash massive combos. Thousands of players already walk the world of Azuria. It is time for you to join them!Key Features:Interactive companions – Eidolons are no mere pets. Not only do they participate in battle, but they will also remember your actions and tell you what's on their mind. They are part of Azuria!Fast-paced, dynamic fights – Mobility is a key aspect in battle. Think fast, act faster! Dodge your foes' attacks and call upon your familiar to unleash spectacular combos! Adaptability – Customize your character so he can overcome every challenge! Improve the skills that fit your play-style and switfly change them during battle to adapt to your opponent's strategy. Creativity can win you the battle!A wonderful world – Travel the immense lands of Azuria, visit towns brimming with life and explore mysterious and hidden dungeons to stop the evil of this world. You can make the difference, hero!						