
							About This Game
							Being originally designed and developed for the SEGA Mega Drive & SEGA Genesis, Pier Solar is a turn-based RPG with state-of-the-art aesthetics about the journey of three young heroes from the town of Reja. In this prospered and peaceful town there live three best friends: Hoston, Alina and Edessot. Young and curious, they want to go on a herb-seeking quest to help cure Hoston's father's mysterious illness. Little do they know ... it will be the beginning of their lifetime journey where they will learn the true meaning of friendship and the thrill of adventure.This journey will demand their courage and wisdom to solve a long-lost mystery while they face the forces of destruction dispatched by an evil man who is trying to change the world for his own good. Through this escapade, they will be reborn as great heroes to protect the universe from a mistaken purpose..What makes Pier Solar so special?Pier Solar was originally designed and developed for the SEGA Mega Drive and SEGA Genesis. Yes, you read that right!! It was actually the only newly  developed game for SEGA's 16-bit system in the new millennium. It's not a port, fan translation, or a copy of any other game. Pier Solar is a 100% brand new, entirely original,16-bit RPG.We'll get right in to what we think makes Pier Solar so special:A 100% Original RPG! Pier Solar was developed from the ground up. An original world, storyline, soundtrack, characters, enemies, and battle style. No ports, translations or copying from any other game - it's all fresh! The first original 16-bit RPG to do this in over a decade!A Massive World to Explore! Pier Solar has 50+ hours of gameplay, over 300 locations, nearly 500 unique treasure chests, and over 800 NPCs!Director's cut! Pier Solar expands what was the biggest 16-bit RPG Ever! We released Pier Solar on a custom 64MEG cartridge (the average SEGA Mega Drive/Genesis game size is 12MEG), making it the biggest 16-bit RPG ever! This allowed us to push the 16-bit medium to a precedent setting level, with state-of-the-art aesthetics and things like full-screen cut scenes, background scaling and 3D modes. But Pier Solar HD is more than just a port, the game is getting a Director's cut, and includes an expanded story with new locations and challenges, that couldn't fit on its original Sega Genesis/Mega Drive release. Epic Battle Tactics! We developed an innovative battle system that puts you in control of up to five characters and includes in-depth strategic moves such as counter-attacks and a special strategy called Gather, which stores energy to unleash even more powerful moves and spells!Translated in 6 Languages! Pier Solar is translated in 6 languages: English, Japanese, Spanish, Portuguese, French, and German.An Original Soundtrack! A beautiful soundtrack written just for Pier Solar that embodies everything great about a classic retro soundtrack!There Are Surprises! We also packed-in many other surprises and secrets like hidden areas and mini-games!Pier Solar truly is a love letter to the rich, imaginative 16-bit RPGs of a bygone era. We crafted Pier Solar in the same light - with an authentic adventure, that resonates deeply about life, death, love, family, and friendship. Remember the wonder you felt when immersed into your favorite retro RPG? Pier Solar captures that same wonder.What the media says about Pier Solar“...this is a game I'll be keeping on my radar. I love the style, the aesthetics, and the classicJRPG feel.”- Kotaku.com“...one promising title to play next December.”- Destructoid“Pier Solar bears the distinct honour of being a Sega Mega Drive game”- Eurogamer“WaterMelon’s attention to detail is staggering…a community-based development team with atrack record of integrity and a proving capacity to deliver on promises made”- Gamespot.com“With a lengthy script, impressive graphics, and a top-notch soundtrack, those that still hold theflame for SEGA’s console will have something new to be nostalgic over.- IGN.com“The game itself, which comes on a high-density, 64 Meg cartridge, is a well-crafted love letterto the turn-based, role playing games of a bygone era. It’s evocative of the 16-bit classicsPhantasy Star II and The Secret of Mana, both in scope and design. Pier Solar also sports anenhanced CD soundtrack that truly takes the overall experience to another level.”- 1UP.com“90% GOLD Award…the best RPG of Sega’s 16 bit…well developed [and] well written.”- Games TribuneIn a nutshellPier Solar is a product of passion, done by individuals who love video games in it's most pure essence. It's made by players for players. Our team has absolute commitment to the quality of the game as well as the experience of the players.						