
							About This Game
							Create your own LegendAnother sunrise, another day of toil. Food must be grown, industries built, science and magic advanced, and wealth collected. Urgency drives these simple efforts, however, for your planet holds a history of unexplained apocalypse, and the winter you just survived was the worst on record. A fact that has also been true for the previous five.As you discover the lost secrets of your world and the mysteries of the legends and ruins that exist as much in reality as in rumor, you will come to see that you are not alone. Other peoples also struggle to survive, to grow, and perhaps even to conquer.You have a city, a loyal populace, and a few troops; your power and magic should be sufficient to keep them alive. But beyond that, nothing is certain… Where will you go, what will you find, and how will you react? Will your trail be one of roses, or of blood?Explore fantastic lands.Lead one of eight civilizations each with a unique gameplay style and storyline.Survive through cold dark seasons that drive Auriga to its end. Will it also be yours?Experience an endless replayability with randomly generated worlds and quests.Set the size, shape, topography and more... to create your own world to discover.Expand beyond the unknown.Conquer, build and develop villages into feared fortresses or wonderful cities.Assimilate powerful minor factions and use their special traits and units wisely.Hire, equip and train your heroes to become army leaders or city governors.Raise your civilization by finding mysterious artefacts and forgotten technologies.Exploit every opportunity.Evolve your civilization through the discovery of new advanced technologies.Collect Dust, luxuries and strategic resources tradable on the marketplace.Keep one step ahead of other civilizations through trade and subtle diplomacy.Choose from different victory conditions and adapt your strategy on the fly.Exterminate fools who defy you.Experience an innovative dynamic simultaneous turn-based battle system.Use unit equipment, abilities and the terrain to overcome your opponents.Zoom out of a battle and rule the other aspects of your empire seamlessly.Define your custom civilizations and confront those created by your friends.						