
							About This Content
							Savage Worlds Deluxe Ruleset v3.4.1Pinnacle Entertainment GroupThis Fantasy Grounds II update to this award-winning RPG product is now available! Everything, and we mean everything, you need to play Savage Worlds is now built directly into our updated interface: card dealing initiatives, wild dice, a card dealing combat tracker that is shareable with the players, and drag-and-drop dice directly from the character sheet are now possible with this Fantasy Grounds II upgrade!3.2 upgrades include bug fixes, new drag and drop capabilities for equipment and armor.  Drag and drop NPCs from anywhere to the PC window to create a PC character, speech bubbles, close icons on most windows and many additional features. Refer to the changelog for more info.Welcome to a revolution in gaming'Savage Worlds'a merger of the best ideas in roleplaying and miniature games! What's so revolutionary' We're glad you asked!It's Fast! Savage Worlds is the fastest and easiest fully-detailed roleplaying game you'll ever play! You can fight out massive battles quickly and easily'with your heroes' allies and minions'in one simple, fast-playing system!    It's Furious! Characters gain awesome new abilities quickly, raising their attributes and skills and gaining powerful and exciting new Edges!    It's Fun! Savage Worlds was designed to be a Game Master's dream! GMs can write adventures, create new villains and monsters, and run epic tales, all without lots of bookkeeping. And you won't need computer programs, three rule books, and a half-dozen setting books to do it. You'll find everything you need right here and in the Savage Setting of your choice!    It's also a Miniatures Game! Savage Worlds works as a miniatures battle game as well as an RPG. That means you can fight out your heroes' epic battles to save the world right on the table-top! Or you can play a competitive battle with troops of your own design!    It's Complete! Savage Worlds was designed to be used with any genre'from swashbuckling pirates to superheroes and sci-fi. Inside you'll find complete and simple rules for epic heroes, vehicles, chases, magic, superpowers, mass battles, skirmishes, and even guidelines for designing your own races and worlds!... and now with the Savage Worlds Ruleset you can play this fast-paced game online using the virtual desktop software Fantasy Grounds II!What is include in The Savage Worlds Ruleset for Fantasy Grounds II:All of the rules presented in the Savage Worlds core product, converted to easy-to-access links on your Fantasy Grounds desktop.     Easy to follow instructions for the Savage Worlds players and game masters unfamiliar with Fantasy Grounds, and how to use the Fantasy Grounds software for special SW game mechanics.Updated for v3:Addition of bennies for use by GM and players!    New mini-sheets for character sheet.    Addition of optional damage die!    ... and many bugs squashed from previous versions!!!						