
							About This Game
							Lead your motorcycle gang on an epic journey across the country in this brutal driving combat adventure.  If you're a fan of the Road Rash series or miss the classic chaos of the Burnout series, you've come to the right place.  Earn money by completing races, assassinations, robberies, and other challenges in your path.   As you collect loot, you'll upgrade your character, your bike, and your weapons.  One Life To LiveDriving a motorcycle at 100 mph while trying to hit someone with a pipe is dangerous, and death can come quickly.   Fortunately, every time you die, all the experience you've collected can be used to upgrade your character, your bike, and your weapons.  In the multiplayer mode, you can work with your friends or let out some road rage on them.  It's up to you.A Truly Epic QuestRoad Redemption takes place in a post-apocalyptic America, ruled by a brutal dictator.  Fans of Mad Max will feel right at home here.  After years of bloody street warfare, the country's biker gangs have settled into an uneasy truce.  This period of peace is interrupted when the leader of the country's richest weapons cartel is assassinated, and a $15,000,000 bounty is put on the mysterious assassin's head.  It's up to you and your fellow gang members to chase down the assassin and claim this prize, but you'll have to drive through unfriendly territory to do so.  Every biker in the country wants a piece of that $15,000,000 bounty, and they won't hesitate to take out those who get in their way.  Other FeaturesSingle player campaign fully playable in multiplayer mode.Tons of brutal weapons.  This is more Twisted Metal than it is Mario Kart  4-player splitscreen co-op.Online mode coming very soon.Massive, expandable skill tree. Rack in the loot to upgrade your character, your bike, and your weapons.A deep motorcycle fighting system with grabs, kicks, counters, critical strikes, and more.  Full support for both mouse & keyboard and gamepad control configurations.						