
							About This Game
							MILLIONS OF ALIENS WILL DIERadiant Defense is a tower defense game set in a vibrant universe invaded by countless alien hordes.Build your space fortress any way you wish, set up wide variety of weapons and traps and let the invasions begin!REROUTE AND REBUILD Use modules to shape the alien route. Bend the path so it always leads enemies toward your cannons and keeps them within the range of your energy weapons for as long as possible.LET THEM BURN Use Typhon Fury Flamer to set passing enemies on fire and to quickly incinerate large groups of smaller units.BOMBARD THEM Use Seraphim Missile Launcher to deliver target-seeking ordnance over great distances. Seraphim Missiles explode violently upon contact.SLICE THROUGH Power Blades cut passing enemies and quickly remove their forceshields. Great at softening up enemy masses and terminating wounded runners.LIGHT THEM UP Use Brightmark Searchlight to multiply the power of your defenses. Marked targets receive up to 200% damage from other weapons.ANNIHILATE Target your Omega Cannon at any spot and disintegrate all that's passing through. Combines great with Recuperator and Brightmark Searchlight.BLOW THEM UP Place Proximity Mines to explode enemy crowds or to damage heavily armored units. Mines can be placed anytime to quickly mend a critical situation.WATCH THEM TREMBLE Psionic ocular terrifies all enemies, making them easy prey for your weapons. Combines best with superweapons such as the Omega Cannon.DOUBLE THE PAYBACK Collect twice the money for nearby alien kills with Recuperators. Combines best with area specific weapons, such as Proximity Mines and Omega Cannon.Radiant Defense Strategy Guide Read more on how to build a strong economy and get the maximum out of your deadly arsenal. Exterminate aliens with ease!Features More than 300 waves of aliens across 14 missions 9 upgradable weapons to kill the aliens with style 3 superweapons of mass defense Steam Leaderboards and Achievements Use Alt+Enter to switch between Fullscreen and Windowed modeSupport and FeedbackPlease contact support@hexage.net with any inquiry or feedback.Follow @hexage for the latest development updates and news.						