
							About This Game
							Real time strategy game featuring over 130 different types of units and technologies, 21 campaign missions with characters and an intriguing story, unlimited random map skirmishes with many customizable settings, network multiplayer to challenge your friends, and so much more in this RTS!FeaturesBuild over 130 different types of units and technologiesRescue the Omicron Initiative in 21 missionsCommand and conquer massive 5,000 unit battlesPlay unlimited random map skirmishesConquer four friends in online multiplayer combatDominate with seven awesome RTS mega unitsDeploy a full arsenal of infantry, aircraft, naval, and ground forcesEnjoy rich environments with ambient objects and weatherThe story:You investigate a secluded military lab and find something horribly wrong!  All of the scientists are missing and the facility is ransacked.  Years of research and top secret classified experiments are no where to be found.The missing scientists, known as the Omicron Initiative, are responsible for developing new technologies.  The only clue to their disappearance is a mysterious text message reading "we were forced to do it".  The team's disappearance threatens the secrecy of it's research, which could potentially put your country into a chaotic panic.  Now there's only one person who can rescue the Omicron Initiative and protect its secret technology from falling into the wrong hands.In 21 real time strategy missions you'll race across the world to find out who, or what, is responsible for the team's disappearance.  You'll battle with over 130 different types of RTS units ranging from infantry and ships to giant modern mega units.After honing your skills in the campaign, fire up a random map and experience insane 5,000 unit real time strategy battles!  Choose your nation and test your mettle in online multiplayer or conquer some AI opponents offline.  Many adjustable options ensure every game is unique.  Want to play with only ground units?  Make the victory condition the death of a specific unit?  The options are limitless in this real time strategy game!It's time to arm up and get in the war!Behind the Game:Hello, my name is James, I'm an indie developer and programmed 100% of Machines at War 3 over the last two and a half years!  It was quite the undertaking and I almost gave up several times, but through bad times and good, I'm excited this real time strategy game is done!  I hope you enjoy it and if so please let me know, sometimes when things are tough an email or review from a customer really helps.  Game on!Even more reviews!"Easily one of the smoothest playing RTS experiences" 148Apps"This game is epic."iDownloadBlog  "The number of units that can be created is staggering"Armchair General"An ultra-solid strategy game full of interesting features, large maps, and a wide array of gameplay situations."Gamers Critic"An assault helicopter above, exploding, and a little trooper in a teal jumpsuit parachuting out.  Maybe a nice visual touch in another game.  Here?  Well, shucks to that 'copter.  You've got another pair of boots on the ground and a forward position to secure.""This control scheme really shines""Normally you can't access beard tech like that until the end of the the tree."PocketTactics"A robust selection of gameplay modes and units." "Machines at War 3 is all about the action, and the game coats it in an engaging 21-mission campaign with unique objectives."Mac|Life"Every fibre screams homage to the retro RTS games we grew up on" Gamegrin"Machines at War 3 has a variety unmatched by other RTS titles."Nizulo"The randomly generated maps mean that the experience is new each and every time."Daily Joypad						