
							About This Content
							This campaign requires DCS World along with either DCS Flaming Cliffs 3 or Su-27 for DCS World.“Su-27 - The Ultimate Argument” is the storyline campaign for a Russian Air Force pilot flying the Su-27 fighter aircraft in the Digital Combat Simulator. The campaign is based on a fictional Caucasus conflict scenario, into which border states of the region got involved. Throughout the included 20 missions you will encounter intense air combat, to escort and protect your aircraft, combat air patrols, ground strikes, search for enemy in mountains and gorges, fly day and night.Features of the campaign “Su-27 - The Ultimate Argument”:20 storyline missions for a single player.More than 300 triggers that provide an create interactive environment.126 voice-overs in the campaign missions.Briefing art with maps.Russian and English localizations. Voice-overs are recorded in Russian. In the English localization the voices are provided with English subtitles.About the Su-27The Su-27, NATO codename Flanker, is one of the pillars of modern-day Russian combat aviation. Built to counter the American F-15 Eagle, the Flanker is a twin-engine, supersonic, highly maneuverable air superiority fighter. The Flanker is equally capable of engaging targets well beyond visual range as it is in a dogfight given its amazing slow speed and high angle attack maneuverability. Using its radar and stealthy infrared search and track system, the Flanker can employ a wide array of radar and infrared guided missiles. The Flanker also includes a helmet-mounted sight that allows you to simply look at a target to lock it up! In addition to its powerful air-to-air capabilities, the Flanker can also be armed with bombs and unguided rockets to fulfil a secondary ground attack role.ABOUT DCS WORLDDigital Combat Simulator World (DCS World) is a free-to-play digital battlefield game, focusing on a military aircraft, ground unit, and naval simulation. It includes a FREE TF-51D Mustang and a Su-25T attack aircraft. DCS World includes a vast mission area of the Caucasus region that encompasses much of Georgia - the location of the 2008 conflict. Further maps will be available in 2014.Additionally, DCS World includes: Powerful mission and campaign editors Multiplayer Massive inventory of air, land and sea combat units and weapons Advanced AI Fast mission generator Dynamic weather and seasons Training missions Mission replay system Pilot log bookThis all allows the creation of engaging, real-world combat missions in this flashpoint region. DCS is a true "sandbox" simulation that can and will cover multiple time periods covering many types of combat and civilian units. DCS World allows both realistic game play and more relaxed game play to suit the player. Download DCS World for free from: www.dcs-world.comAbout The Fighter CollectionThe Fighter Collection, as well as developing software for the entertainment and serious game markets, also operates, rebuilds and maintains Europe's largest collection of airworthy WWII fighters and is based at Duxford Airfield, in the UK. For more information visit our websites: http://www.fighter-collection.com/						