
							About This Game
							Join Nelly in this point and click adventure, and rescue birds hypnotised by the villainous Baron Widebeard. Meet a hilarious cast of characters including Tom Baker (Dr Who) and explore a hand-drawn world created by award-winning comedian Alasdair Beckett-King.Race aristocrats for fun and profit.Commandeer an ancient airship.Enter the mind of a monkey wizard.Borrow moonshine from a surly Viking.Wantonly misuse the word ‘borrow’.What is Baron Widebeard planning? Can he be stopped? In what way is a frozen volcano involved? To answer these questions comes Nelly Cootalot: pirate heroine and defender of endangered and adorable creatures. Nelly’s journey will take her from Port Rubicund in the South Seas to the lonely isle of Gloomholm in the icy north. She’ll encounter outlandish characters and face perplexing challenges in her quest for the Treasure of the Seventh Sea. Full Voice-Acting in English & German.A script that will amuse and delight whether you are 9, 19 or 90. (But ONLY those ages.)Art & Animation in glorious High Definition.Puzzles that will tax the world's greatest minds, if they're having an off-day.Over 45 Unique Characters & 35 Locations.Quaint British spellings = extra letters for free."The puzzles are as perfect as possible."- Just Adventure"overflowing with charm and heart"Score 4/5 - Adventure Gamers"I had a lot of fun with Nelly Cootalot, and I recommend it for anyone who loves point-and-click adventures, birds, and/or pirates.."Score A - Nerdy but Flirty"absolutely hilarious"Score 9/10 - Gamespew"...with some beautiful art, an engaging story, some fun gameplay and snappy dialogue, Nelly Cootalot: The Fowl Fleet is a nice little gem."9.1/10 - Geeknifty"It has obviously been influenced by the Monkey Island series, but without being a carbon copy. If you are a fan of the genre, then The Fowl Fleet should definitely be on your wishlist."8.3 - Gameramble"A joy to play through from start to finish... easily one of the most enjoyable adventures of 2016."8/10 - cubed3"Outstanding puzzle design"87% - adventurecorner"An amazing adventure game. Its story has surprising depth, the characters are lovable, the puzzles are great fun and it wraps it all up in a layer of fantastic humour!"4.5/5 - The Mental Attic"Lovingly crafted and amounts to a very relaxing and enjoyable point ‘n click experience."7 very good - Techraptor"A delightful point-and-click romp of swashing and buckling. In short, it’ll straight up charm your knickers off."Buy it! - vgblogger"Go play Nelly Cootalot: The Fowl Fleet. I highly recommend it."- @SQHistorian"Tom Baker is in it, which is important."- PC Gamer						