
							About This Game
							Hunt - Explore - SurviveWelcome Pioneer!Step into a huge Cretaceous world (24 km² / 9.3 mi²) where the very environment will test your survival skills to the max. This is the planet of Primal Eden. Help us reclaim, subdue and eradicate the savage wilderness so that we may plant the seed of civilization in its place. If you are successful, we will permanently erase your criminal records. If you fail, your dead body's nourishing of wild plants and animals will be seen as treason against the Expansive Galaxies Corporation and your extended family will be volunteered as Pioneers.There should be some supplies in your drop pod to get you started. In order to survive, you will need to explore the world in search of more powerful weapons, clothing and ammo. Sounds easy? Well, not only is the island littered with poisonous plants, but deadly dinosaurs roam the island looking to feast on the weak.Planet Primal Eden is inhabited by 5 different dinosaur species, including the mighty Tyrannosaurus Rex and the much-dreaded Quetzalcoatlus, a.k.a. Menace of the Skies. Careful planning, cooperation and backpacks filled with ammo and weapons are crucial to your survival.theHunter: Primal is a new instalment in the highly popular and critically acclaimed theHunter franchise, created by Expansive Worlds and Avalanche Studios. Since its release, the original game has grown into a 5 million strong player community, and is still growing rapidly.theHunter: Primal offers both single player and multiplayer modes, with the option of creating private gaming sessions. If you are looking for a serious challenge, turn on the PVP function, team up with your friends and let all hell break loose. If you prefer cooperative hunting, you can turn off the PVP function and join your friends and other players in an effort to bring down the beasts of planet Primal Eden.The game features a persistent inventory system, which means that everything you’ve collected in one game session will remain in your inventory in the next one. But it comes with a price. If you die, all your equipment is lost. If you are fast enough you can pick up your lost backpack before another hunter loots your stuff.Happy hunting!						