
							About This Content
							New Kid on the Block PackThis item pack is designed to give any new captains a smooth start at a great value. To redeem the code for item pack, click on the Astro Shop button (Red button with golden star inside upper right of the screen) and click Buy Astros, then paste in the code. Item pack may be picked up from any Bank's Receive Item option after 15 minutes.2 X Guild Card Set – Each set contains an Adventure, Merchant, and Maritime (Battle) Guild Card used for changing between different basic jobs at your convenience. More Guild Cards can be obtained through normal game progress. After first time changing to a job, player may change to that job again by paying 20x of the normal ducats (in game gold) without using a job card, but cards will be consumed first if it's in the character inventory and the normal fee will be charged, please store it in bank vault if wishing to retain the card for other jobs.Armor of Ong Khan – A strong and durable personal armor for combat use.Sword of Inheritance – A sharp sword passed down through the family for generations that is very effective in combat.Shared Storage Usage Permit – The permit enables all your characters in one account to access a special shared storage through the storage supervisor in most towns. Up to 50 items and 5000 tradable goods can be stored. This permit last for 15 days, additional permits may be purchased from the Astro shop in the game.Strongbox Permit - The permit enables the character to access a special safe box from the personal inventory any time. Up to 30 items can be stored, and items stored cannot be plundered and does not reduce in durability during normal sailing. This permit lasts 15 days, and additional permits may be purchased from the Astro shop in the game.Sea King's Talisman – It will increase the rate experience gain by 30% for 7 days, so players may level up faster.Wind King's Talisman – It will increase the bonus ship speed by 30% for 7 days, so players may sail faster.Flame King's Talisman – It will increase the rate of gaining fame by 30% for 7 days, so players may obtain permits faster to enter ports in different areas of the world.5 X Check (10 million) – A total of 50 million ducats worth of tradable checks. Players may cash checks at the bank once reaching a combined fame of 10,000 or ask to trade with other players for ducats once reaching level 11 in one class.						