
							About This Content
							Once a record-breaking steam locomotive admired by many on the UK’s rail network, the LMS Coronation Class ‘Duchess of Hamilton’ comes to Train Simulator in its striking streamlined variant.The LMS Coronation Class was a mainline steam locomotive designed by William Stanier and built at Crewe Works between 1937 and 1948. In total, 38 were produced and are the most powerful steam locomotives ever built in the UK, with an impressive 3,333hp - more than the diesel traction that replaced them in later years.The first five locomotives built in the Class were painted in Caledonian Railway blue with sliver stripes to match the coaches for the Coronation Scot service, for which they were designed for. They also featured streamlining, designed by Tom Coleman, the streamlining mainly added as a publicity stunt. However, Stanier believed the added weight, increased difficulty for maintenance and the fact that it just wasn’t effective at lower speeds, didn’t make it worthwhile.In 1937 during speed trials, Coronation Class No. 6220 reached an impressive 114 mph (183km/h) south of Crewe, setting a new record speed at the time. However, shortly after reaching this speed, the locomotive entered a series of crossover points and with insufficient braking distance, entered the crossover too fast. Fortunately, the locomotive remained on the rails but destroyed most of the crockery inside the coaches. As a consequence, record-breaking runs were deemed too dangerous for passengers, crew and trains alike, and they were subsequently banned.The second batch of five Coronations was also streamlined, apart from the more traditional Crimson Lake with gold stripes livery, one such locomotive being No. 6229 ‘Duchess of Hamilton’. The ‘Duchess’ was built in 1938 and was the last in the Coronation Class to be built with streamlining. Nine years later, ‘Duchess of Hamilton’ had its streamlining removed and smoke deflectors added.Today, three Coronation Class locomotives have been preserved, No. 6229 ‘Duchess of Hamilton’, No. 6233 ‘Duchess of Sutherland’ and No. 6235 ‘City of Birmingham’. ‘Duchess of Sutherland’ remains in mainline service on railtours around the UK, while ‘City of Birmingham’ and ‘Duchess of Hamilton’ are static displays in museums, the latter alongside LNER A4 Class ‘Mallard’ at the National Railway Museum in York, resplendent in its original streamlining.The Coronation Class ‘Duchess of Hamilton’ for Train Simulator is available in LMS Crimson Lake livery with gold stripes, and includes Mk1 passenger coaches in LMS Maroon Lined (late crest) livery.The locomotive is also Quick Drive compatible, giving you the freedom to drive the LMS Coronation Class (Streamlined) ‘Duchess of Hamilton’ on any Quick Drive enabled route for Train Simulator, such as those available through Steam. Also included are scenarios specifically for the Settle to Carlisle route (available separately and required to play these scenarios).ScenariosThree scenarios for the Settle to Carlisle route:	Vintage Train: Part 1	Vintage Train: Part 2	Vintage Train: The ReturnMore scenarios are available on Steam Workshop online and in-game. Train Simulator’s Steam Workshop scenarios are free and easy to download, adding many more hours of exciting gameplay. With scenarios being added daily, why don’t you check it out now!Click here for Steam Workshop scenarios.Key Features	Coronation Class (Streamlined) ‘Duchess of Hamilton’ in LMS Crimson Lake (gold stripes) livery	Mk1 passenger coaches in LMS Maroon Lined (late crest) livery	Quick Drive compatible	Scenarios for the Settle to Carlisle route	Download size: 304mb						