
							About This Content
							This pack combines the contents of the Light Mech Jump-Start Pack, Medium Mech Jump-Start Pack, and Heavy Mech Jump-Start Pack for a discounted price.For pilots capable of handling mechs of all class types, this mega-bundle comes with light, medium, and heavy mech models, as well as class-specific weaponry for each. Load up your mech garage with all the heavy metal you need, including:
Scorpio LE (Permanent Light Class Mech)–A limited edition, upgraded version of the nimble Scorpio mech. The Scorpio LE carries a class rating of  2020 and can be piloted by mercs of any mech experience level.Stinger (Permanent Level 10 Light Class Mech)–A fast, maneuverable mech. The Stinger carries a class rating 2080 and can only be piloted by mercs of mech experience level 10 or higher. AD-X CavSaber (Permanent Light Class Weapon)–When your back's against the wall and the enemy is closing in, greet 'em with an Assault Dynamix CavSaber! Tap the button for a quick jab, or charge it up for a more powerful blow.Aries LE (Permanent Medium Class Mech)–A limited edition, upgraded version of the versatile Aries mech. The Aries LE carries a class rating of  2020 and can be piloted by mercs of any mech experience level.Olympian (Permanent Level 10 Medium Class Mech)–A well-rounded mech with good speed, agility, power, and defense. The Olympian carries a class rating 2080 and can only be piloted by mercs of mech experience level 10 or higher. Gemini Launcher (Permanent Medium Class Weapon)–Lock on and let 'er rip! Zodiac's proprietary rocket launcher system fires twin, guided missiles, delivering massive damage on every double hit.Taurus LE (Permanent Heavy Class Mech)–A limited edition, upgraded version of the durable Taurus mech. The Taurus LE carries a class rating of  2020 and can be piloted by mercs of any mech experience level.Gladiator (Permanent Level 10 Heavy Class Mech)–With heavier armor and more power output than the leading competitor, the Gladiator is the future of armored combat. The Gladiator carries a class rating 2080 and can only be piloted by mercs of mech experience level 10 or higher. Rampart Plasma Shield (Permanent Heavy Class Weapon)–Assault Dynamix presents an energy shield for the private sector! Block that incoming damage, or get in close and use a shield bash to deliver some serious damage of your own.ZPC-1 Pulse Cannon (Permanent All-Class Weapon)–High accuracy, range, stability, and rate of fire have earned Zodiac's flagship mech weapon numerous design awards—and paramilitary contracts.Starfire Plasma Rifle (Permanent All-Class Weapon)–This mech-mounted sniper rifle fires beams of superheated plasma at distant targets with extraordinary accuracy. Tap the button once for a quick-shot, or hold it down to build up a charged shot.*The items in this pack are for use in ZMR's new "Team Mech Match" competitive PvP mode.						