
							About This Content
							The word legendary is thrown around often, but on the subject of early ‘90s motorsport, the legacy of DTM race cars has proven worthy of that title. The unique handling and sounds of these cars become rarer by the minute, but they can be yours to experience every day in RaceRoom. Purchase the 1992 DTM car pack and add 5 racing legends to your lineup.CarsAudi V8 DTMBased on its street going brother, Audi developed the Group A V8 for entry into the Deutsche Tourenwagen Meisterschaft (DTM). The early ‘90s belonged to the Audi V8 DTM, where it was the only car in the series to possess a V8 engine and 4-wheel-drive.BMW M3 Sport EvolutionReveling in the success and popularity of the E30, BMW pushed the model to new heights in 1990 with the M3 Sport Evolution. Today only a handful of these beloved cars remain, but you can drive the BMW M3 Sport Evolution daily here in RaceRoom.Ford Mustang GT DTMThe Ford Mustang GT DTM is a lightweight car with loads of horsepower and dragon like sound. This legendary and increasingly rare car roars to life every day in RaceRoom.Mercedes 190E EVO II DTMThe attention grabbing Mercedes 190E EVO II DTM drives as good as it looks. In 1992 Klaus Ludwig claimed the title in this car and Ellen Lohr became the first woman to win a DTM race behind the wheel of her 190E.Opel Omega 3000 Evo 500 The limited series Opel Omega 3000 Evo 500 was built to compete in DTM and its 3-litre straight-6 engine could push the car to a top speed of 300 km/h. Bring this legend to your RaceRoom lineup.Important Info/DLC Purchasing PolicyR3E user accounts are associated with the user’s Steam account for security and transactions through Steam Wallet. A Steam account can use multiple R3E accounts by using the ‘switch accounts’ function in the R3E Account Settings.Upon purchasing an R3E DLC via the Steam Store, an R3E user account will be permanently associated with that Steam account and it will no longer be possible to switch accounts. The option to switch accounts will be permanently removed from the R3E Account Settings.						