
							About This Game
							Super Cane Magic ZERO is what happens when an action RPG takes place in the extraordinary world created by a witty comic book artist.Explore the world of WOTF as Coso, Cosa and many other wacky characters. Collect items, fight monsters and explore crazy, dangerous places, alone or with the help of three friends in local co-op! Sio is an Italian cartoonist, popular for his comic books and his hilarious videos on YouTube. If you wish to find out more about his works, visit his official website!Right now we are somewhere near 50% of the whole production. This means you can expect roughly 3 times more content and, exponentially, much more gameplay time coming from the combination of randomized scenarios, story mode levels and local pvp arena mode levels. The following list is what we already have in-game.Challenge Mode with procedurally generated dungeonsRight now you can play a first iteration of our challenge mode levels as a standalone game mode with procedurally generated levels. Survive the deadly rooms and defeat all the enemies.RPG enginePrimary and secondary stats, perks and a modular inventory system have been implemented to support your adventures in the world of WOTF. 50 progression levels.Combat SystemPick up everything, throw everything, eat everything. Our arcade combat system is designed to create tons of different and hilarious gameplay possibilities.Local multiplayerBattle your friends in arena mode or play co-op up to 4 players in challenge mode!Campaign and World mapThe world map allows you to select what level you want to explore. It's going to be improved as we get closer to the final release.The game will save your campaing progress and you will be able to bring all the loot and characters you collected in any of the available game levels displayed on the map.Belief SystemCharacters in Super cane Magic ZERO can belive to lots of crazy stuff. Whatever they believe becomes true in the game world.The belief system subverts combat and exploration rules and also works as character progression.This is a list of features we are developing right now or we plan to develop before we reach the complete 1.0 release.In game and meta-game balancing and progressionWe are improving our loot system and enemy abilities. We are working to create better fights and more consistent rewards. We want different items to have distinctive play-styles.Exploration featuresWe are working on new traps, secret passages, hidden items and a modular system for keys and locked doors. That’s what proper adventuring needs!StoryWe are working hard with Sio to create a crazy story mode campaign.More contentJust more game. As our mechanics and game creations tools get better, we are going to release and update our game content, so expect an increasing amount of bigger and better enemies, items, bosses, tilesets and levels.Want to find out more? Follow Super Cane Magic ZERO on:FacebookTwitter Instagram						