
							About This Game
							Razenroth is an action game with a dark atmosphere, enriched with the elements of roguelike and RPG. All the levels, weather conditions, distribution and quantity of key elements are generated randomly. Thanks to this fact, a single game is different each time. A player must fight dozens of different creatures and several extremely dangerous bosses. He has a range of different objects at his disposal, as magic spells, skills, potions, book of spells and other. The main character of the game – Charles Carter – is a young journalist who tries to solve mysterious disappearance of his grandfather, Joseph Carter. One and only way to do that, is to enter the world of nightmares, inhabited by horrifying creatures.Main features of the game:  Over 200 objects to find - magic potions, spells, books, elements of clothing, talismans, rings, amulets and other. Some of them are extremely powerful, thus, more difficult to obtain.  Levels are generated randomly. Each of those is characterised by different construction, random weather conditions and unique colouring. As the game progresses, the main scenery is also changing (e.g. dark forest, rainy marshland, graveyard, caves, etc.)  Several dozen creatures to fight with. There are regular creatures and these which can be encountered rather rarely. The more rare the creature, the better chance to obtain valuable objects after it is beaten.  Unique bosses - each level has random bosses to kill.  Special random events - sometimes a player may find an object or meet a creature which will begin some new task. When it is fulfilled, a player gets valuable objects.  Several dozen interactive elements. Among those there are different shrines, chests, and some rare graves, altars, etc.  The main character's house with a possibility of developing it - inside, a player can buy keys and magic potions, heal himself and do other things.   Unlockable characters. By playing more you'll get a chance to unlock additional playable characters with different statistics and skills. Character leveling system. By killing monsters you get experience points which allow your character to level up. You can improve some of the basic stats like hp, mana, critical damage, etc. Additionally there are also over a dozen of powerful skills to improve, that let you customize your character as you want.						