
							About This Game
							Experience a deep and touching story in "show, don't tell"-style that will tug at your heartstrings as you learn of a little girl's melancholic past and her hopes for a better future. Immerse yourself in a moving musical score hand-crafted by Japanese RPG veteran composers Hiroki Kikuta and Dale North.Adventure through a wondrous, intricately detailed world that is filled with beautiful imaginary, dastardly platforming and enchanting events. Every scene and every emotion is shown purely through our beautiful hand-crafted sprites.Engage in slick, strategic combat with your monstrously fluffy companion in a completely unique State Balance battle system that is fun and deep, yet easy to understand. Collectible items are rare and tied into the story. Each one serves a different purpose and shows you a brief flashback about how the item played a part in the little girl's life! This gives emotional depth to even the gameplay.Relive your childhood fantasies as you travel through a little girl's imagination, full of giant sand castles, dragons, magical items, classic puzzles and an 80's themed doll house. Discover a bit about our world as the story of Unraveled is based on real events at a ship breaking yard -- inspired by the documentary The Wire Nest!An adventure RPG, driven by the story of a little girl whose family has gone missing at a ship breaking yard. Based on real events, Unraveled takes you through a child’s imagination as she seeks out her parents. Relive your childhood fantasies on a journey that will make you think, laugh and tear up (just a little bit).Unraveled takes you back in time with slick gameplay and a charming retro look reminiscent of the PSX days. Combat is infrequent, smooth and strategic — each battle feels unique and interesting. Musical score composed by Secret of Mana's Hiroki Kikuta and Dale North.On the little girl's journey, her plush doll comes to life as a monstrously cute creature that aids her on her quest! However, as she traverses through the ship, the rotting environment takes its toll on the doll and he slowly starts unraveling... Can she find her parents before he has fallen apart completely?Stream Trading Cards will be added upon release!						