
							About This Game
							The FIRST EVER and ONLY Top Trumps™ Turbo PC Game Available to Download NOW.Top Trumps™ Turbo is a brand new, exclusive fun and exciting Top Trumps™ card game brought to you by Funbox Media. Use the cards and your skills to beat the computer and become the ultimate Top Trumps™ Turbo Champion! Play, win & enjoy this action-packed game with your favourite decks, regularly updated packs, stunning gameplay and a great atmosphere for the whole family to enjoy.Spin the spinner to choose from 6 different mini games and fill your turbo bar with stars and enter into the Turbo final for a gripping head-to-head match. Collect more decks by downloading them and use your knowledge of the card statistics to win. Gain achievements by winning mini games and keep track of your stats to make sure you are the ultimate Top Trumps™ Turbo Champion!You may well have only just discovered Top Trumps™ but believe it or not, the original Top Trumps™ card game is over 35 years old. The new look Top Trumps™ Turbo PC game will indulge you into a totally new experience where you will enjoy a variety of favourite decks available.  Using the card statistics you have to beat the computer and become the Turbo champion! Chose your favourite deck, spin the spinner to choose from 6 different mini games and enjoy the Top Trumps™ challenge.  Fill your Turbo bar with stars and enter into the Turbo final for a final head-to-head match. Enter the hall of fame with your achievements by winning mini games and keep track of your stats to make sure you are the ultimate Top Trumps Turbo Champion!Test yourself – how well do you know your facts about Pop Stars, Cartoons, Pre Historic Animals, Geographical objects? Are you going to be lucky enough to get some free stars? Or perhaps you will have a chance to steal few stars from the opponent? Play, win and enjoy the fame of becoming the ultimate Top Trumps™ Turbo Champion.FeaturesPlayers can build their own collection of decks. Single Player mode vs. AIRegular deck updates in the store.Statistics and Achievements.Individual Card and deck viewing options						