
							About This Content
							Rise of The Samurai is a brand new, independent campaign for Total War: SHOGUN 2.						Set 400 years before the dramatic civil war depicted in SHOGUN 2, the "Rise of The Samurai" campaign is based on the Gempei War, a conflict between six legendary clans of the Taira, Minamoto and Fujiwara families. It culminated in the first Shogunate, and the rise of the Samurai as the ruling class.						Key Features						Play a brand new and independent campaign for SHOGUN 2 set in 12th century Japan. 									 The Rise of The Samurai campaign can be played in single-player mode as well as multiplayer versus or co-op modes.									 3 new families divided into 6 playable clans 									 Each clan has its own unique set of traits, giving it a distinctive feel and play-style.									 16 new land units spread across swordsmen, spearmen, archers, and cavalry. These include:									 Foot Samurai – Masters of bow and sword, these Samurai are deadly at range or in melee. They may not be the most numerous units, but they are perhaps the most effective. Also protected by distinctive Gempei-period armour which gives excellent protection at range and in melee.											Sword Attendants – Armed with huge two-handed swords, these fearsome warriors can carve a bloody path in melee.									 4 new Hero units – the Naginata Warrior Monk Hero, the Tetsubo Warrior Monk Hero, the Mounted Samurai Hero and the Onna Bushi Heroine.									 Onna Bushi Heroine – Armed with Naginata and bow, these female Samurai are versatile cavalry units who excel in melee. Do not doubt the courage of a woman…											Tetsubo Warrior Monk Hero – armed with iron-studded clubs, these Monks are devastating in melee as they bash their way through their foes.									 10 new naval units and 3 new naval special abilities ("Banzai!," "Whistling Arrows" and "Rally")							   4 new agent types with their own unique skill trees:									 The Shirabyoshi uses seduction to convince her target to join her family’s cause, and to distract enemy armies. She is also able to entertain the nobles of friendly towns in order to boost their growth and entertain friendly generals in the field, which increases their loyalty to the family and counteracts the efforts of enemy agents attempting to bribe or seduce them into changing sides.											The Junsatsushi can request the allegiance of neutral and enemy castle towns, along with any forces garrisoned there. He ensures loyalty and obedience from friendly generals, increases income by preventing corruption, and keeps your castle towns and armies safe from enemy subterfuge when stationed there. He can also pay off rival agents.											The Monomi acts as an assassin, spy, saboteur and scout. He can establish spy networks within your castle towns, which increases the chances of discovering any rival agents and armies that may be hiding within a province.											The Sou can inspire a friendly army or pacify an angry populace with his enlightened rhetoric. Likewise, he can demoralise an enemy force, reduce the chances of successful bribery, indoctrinate enemy agents and cause them to retire, or incite an enemy population to revolt.									 New historical scenario – the Battle of Anegawa (1570)												