
							About This Game
							M4 Tank Brigade is a classic game of single player World War II Armored combat simulation game with thousands of unique combat missions in solo play!M4 Tank Brigade also allows players to go online for FREE and play armored combat against other players while commanding not one but four armored vehicles at the same time!  M4 Tank Brigade takes strategy and tactical maneuvering to position your armored vehicles to capture territory and defeat enemy forces.  You can send your vehicles on separate missions. You can jump into any vehicle at a critical time and place to insure victory. Your skill driving and shooting from that vehicle could insure victory! You can also call in artillery barrages and air strikes to smash enemy positions.  The map shows friendly and enemy forces over a very large area, including other friendly and enemy players in the online game. Coordinate with friends to position your forces for victory!M4 Tank Brigade is a simulation based on World War II Armored warfare. M4 Tank Brigade is not an arcade game but a simulation game that takes some real learning, great tactics, and forward thinking to play and win!Solo & Online VersionsM4 Tank Brigade includes both online and offline games.The offline "campaign" game for solo play includes various regions that gradually "unlock" as you play. Within each region, each battle has randomly generated forces, objectives and starting positions to insure each fight is new and different.  The online game is set in a virtual battlespace where the overall tide of war ebbs and flows between two fictional nations, "Gold" and "Purple." The warfare is continuous, until one side or the other conquers the dozens of objectives across the battlespace. If either side is short of players, the game "fills in" with AI tank units to help. Even if there are no other players, the AI for each side picks objectives, attacks and defends. There is always a fight somewhere, and you as a player can make a difference in the battle.During the first few release phases of this Early Access game, the online game has no extra charge.						