
							About This Content
							Blow the horn, bang the drum, The Pig is coming to town! The Princess & The Pig DLC resurrects one of four central antagonists from the original Stronghold (2001) in a brand new Crusader Trail, while also introducing a completely new character in the form of the noble Princess. The first piece of downloadable content available for Stronghold Crusader 2, The Princess & The Pig adds seven missions, two AI opponents, 10 achievements and new castle designs unique to The Princess and The Pig.New MissionsNew contestants have entered the fray in the battle for Jerusalem! The Princess and The Pig have embarked for the holy lands bringing swords, spears and maces in a journey destined to disrupt the balance of power. Players must fight their way through a new skirmish trail with seven deadly scenarios to tackle, including three new maps. Old faces such as The Wolf, Richard the Lionheart and Saladin also make a return, smarter and more strategic than before. While these new rivals sometimes aid the player in battle, they won’t hold back when it comes to the gruesomely difficult finale.The PigStarved by an abusive father as an infant, it wasn't long before The Pig ran away from home and joined up with a group of bandits in the English backcountry. After proving himself in a series of early raids The Pig quickly rose to lead this band of brigands, claiming the finest spoils from each skirmish as his own. He soon took to overeating, becoming morbidly overweight and using this newfound size to intimidate his enemies. Despite this chequered past The Wolf eventually managed to secure The Pig a Dukedom, after which he became The Wolf's personal enforcer on the battlefield. Although the two often work as a team, The Pig fears The Wolf just as much as he did his own father.The PrincessWhile The Pig was effectively raised by bandits, raiding nobles in the English countryside, The Princess is a very different character born into privilege. Her position in the royal court has meant she spent her entire life with nothing to prove. Fortunately for her growing up in high society has left The Princess with a powerful sense of self-reliance and confidence, sorely lacking in certain other Lords and Ladies. After solidifying her place and influence in the royal court, The Princess is now determined to prove her worth as a commander on the battlefield. This drive makes her every bit as fearless and proud a military leader as any male heir to the throne.DLC FeaturesNew Skirmish Trail - Challenge yourself with seven new single player missions in 'The Princess & The Pig' skirmish-based Crusader Trail.New AI Opponents - Two new AI Lords added to the new Crusader Trail, online Multiplayer and Skirmish mode.The Pig - Returning from the original Stronghold The Pig is a brutal and relentless attacker, launching sieges early on with high speed units.The Princess - A brand new character to the series, The Princess uses her power and wealth to overwhelm the player with high numbers of troops.Extra Achievements - Claim the title of master strategist with 10 new Steam achievements.Custom Shields - Choose from five new coat of arms designs for your in-game shield.Please Note: The Princess & The Pig is downloadable add-on content, requiring the full Stronghold Crusader 2 game on Steam to play.						