
							About This Game
							The illustrious space explorer Dick Starspeed has crash landed onto the mysterious planet Gravoria. With his rocket ship out of commission and his trusty companion Robot nowhere to be found, he sets out to explore this new world and its hostile inhabitants.In the midst of a battle between the good and evil factions of ape men, he meets the stunning Scarlet Nova, heir to the planet's tyrannical Emperor. Unwilling to follow her evil birthright, Scarlet tells Dick of the Emperor's atrocities... and never one to turn down a fight—or to turn down a beautiful blonde—Dick agrees to help overthrow her father's cruel regime!After a chance reunion with the resourceful Robot, our heroic trio embarks on a fool's errand to topple Gravoria's greatest menace and restore peace to the planet once more. However, in order to accomplish this feat, they will have to ascend... THE DEADLY TOWER OF MONSTERS!Filmed in the 1970s, The Deadly Tower of Monsters is an action-packed adventure, full of time-honored literary themes: the daughter versus the tyrant father, the planet full of innocent ape-creatures, the dashing space-age liberator, the robot companion, the tower full of treacherous mutations... A timeless classic for all ages!Despite the film's low budget, director Dan Smith was able to craft an engrossing story about strange alien beings and titan-size monsters (sometimes filming without a script!). It is a thrill ride overflowing with elaborate weaponry, eye-catching special effects, lots of technological noises, and of course: plenty of explosions! For the first time in decades, this tour de force is coming to DVD, so a new generation can experience this sci-fi cult classic. Movie highlights include:Laugh-a-minute director commentary! – Director Dan Smith lends his decades of industry know-how to deliver side-splitting anecdotes and insights on the film's production. You won't want to miss a single syllable from the genius mind behind this masterpiece! Got vertigo? Too bad! – Experience the awesome verticality of the tower at every step of the journey, with wide-angle camera shots and impressive aerial stunts. Watch as our heroes fearlessly dive off the tower or glide effortlessly across chasms, all in search of hidden secrets and intergalactic glory!Over half-a-hundred imaginative monsters! – Squid people, nukular ants, dinosaurs-gone-wild, giant blobs, robo-monkeys, and more are brought to life using state-of-the-art effects, including stop-motion, rotoscope, image compositing, and even some elaborate costumes covered in real fur! You and the family are guaranteed a good ol' time!Ray guns, crystal swords, and laser whips. Oh, my! – At the heroes' disposal are a wide variety of weapons used to smack!, pow!, and ker-splat! their futuristic foes. Watch as our plucky protagonists collect hidden scrap metal pieces and upgrade their arsenal, right before your very eyes!Did someone say, "Special powers"!? – I sure hope so, because this film's got 'em! From time-slowing vortexes to speed boots... Wait, what's that on the ground? Is that a bird? No, it's a land mine! These aliens are in for a bang, and so are you! To get your hands on all of this—and more!—be sure to pick up The Deadly Tower of Monsters, the all-new single-player, action-adventure video game developed by ACE Team and published by ATLUS, releasing soon in early 2016.						