
							About This Game
							Once Bitten Twice Dead is a new MMO first-person shooter, set in an open world with a serious zombie problem! Fight the undead with and chat to a maximum of 100 other players simultaneously - players can join and play games across almost any platform. Pick one of fifteen different characters, each with their own skill set, with which to fight against the undead, utilizing tons of unique weapons! Craft useful items to prepare yourself for the onslaught, but make sure to have your camp built by nightfall: before the infested horde comes back, or you may not survive the night with all of your body parts intact! Fast and furious, yet quirky and fun, Once Bitten Twice Dead combines all of your favorite game elements – rot-walkers, night survival, crafting, open world play, deadly weapons, multiple game modes, and more into a rip-roaring, zombie-stomping good time! ◾A cartoon art style that really accentuates the eyes of that undead cannibal about to eat your brains ◾Explore a beautiful and deadly open world complete with day and night cycles! (What goes bump in the night will probably gnaw your face off..) ◾Multiple zombie types to keep you on your toes, by trying to chew them off when you least expect it! ◾15 unique characters to pick from, each with their own skill set and a serious distrust of anything that shuffles and/or eats human flesh ◾Use different weapons and protective devices to fight monsters of the deep, mysterious automatons, and other players in PvP. ◾Over 50 weapons and 100 craft-able items, to help you prepare for and combat the horde! (Or at least look cool for screenshots) ◾Online and offline play modes for those players that demand modes ◾Play online with up to 100 other people simultaneously across multiple platforms – Nobody likes to do the zombie stomp alone.◾Infected Mode (Coming Soon) - Play the game as the zombie: Crawl, jump and swipe your way across the land, stopping players in their wake ◾Mod support! (Coming Soon) This game will feature full mod support, for those who like to get a little crazy! ◾Custom skins (Coming Soon)◾Over 50 different zombie types: From Police, to Wartime Soldiers, Average Joes, Firemen, Company Men, Doctors, and much more! (some may offend!) ◾Constant updates and game add-ons to keep this game fresh! (and not rot away..) ◾No subscriptions! Don’t let them win! ◾Sense of humor that revolves around zombies (and maybe fart jokes)◾FREE Frequent DLC!Take the fight to the zombies with your buddies, in offline or online modes. Each game can handle up to 100 players, but with better funding we can extend that to a greater limit! The games matchmaking is fast and simple, with game hosting being a breeze.  The more the merrier!Play with friends or with strangers - quickly join a match with a click or carefully search through the list of games currently being played to find the one that is right for you. And if online is not your thing you can play locally, exploring the world in split screen! The choice is yours. We try not to limit how players can enjoy the game's multiplayer.Enjoy the depth the game has to offer thanks to the skills of each class in your party: perhaps one player can focus on health items and crafting while another takes the fight to the munchers with a high damage output. Some classes are better at crafting than others, and some can take less damage, making them the perfect tank to lure the munchers away from the group as they prepare an onslaught. Mix and match the classes and you’ll enjoy a fresh experience every time you play!As this project progresses further, we will devise some new and exciting ways to play multiplayer, and these updates and additional content will be made available absolutely at no cost for those that own the game!						