
							About This Game
							
                    Join Super Granny® and her friends, Kamila and Margaret, as they set out to rescue their missing kitties in this all-new, globe-trotting adventure! Run, dig, climb and explore your way through more than 160 levels in 6 unique settings, play the all-new side-by-side cooperative multiplayer mode, or create your own adventure in Super Granny 4!
                    
                    160+ levels spread out over 6 exotic locales
                    Easy-to-use level editor and exclusive user-created level packs
                    All-new side-by-side multiplayer mode
                    2 new playable characters
                    Global high-score posting with SLG Connect
                    
                     
                    
                    Welcome to Super Granny® 3, a new action, adventure and exploration game starring the most unlikely superhero ever: Super Granny! After her troubled tropical trip and wild winter retreat, Super Granny is dropped into her most ambitious adventure yet, a run-down European theme park where she must rescue her arch-nemesis, the evil Dr. Meow, from the clutches of his even-more dastardly master, Mr. Fang. With the help of over 30 all-new interactive items Granny will run, dig, climb and float through 5 new worlds with over 200 levels of puzzle-solving, item-tossing, hilariously addictive fun. An all-new level editor will keep you entertained for ages.
                    
                    More than 200 levels spread out over 5 unique scenes
                    All-new shop where Granny can upgrade with 8 handy items
                    10 hilarious new level items and power-ups 
                    14 interactive objects found throughout the levels
                    7 new and challenging enemies
                    Discover secret areas on a new map screen
                    
                     
                    
                    Super Granny’s back and ready to rumble. While on a well deserved vacation, Super Granny’s kitties are abducted. Run, dig, climb, swing, float and tumble through 5 worlds and over 170 levels to rescue Granny's cats from the dastardly Dr. Meow in Granny in Paradise®.
                    
                    5 challenging, new worlds 
                    Over 170 levels of Granny adventures 
                    Create your own levels using the new level editor 
                    New items such as teleporters and moving platforms 
                    Post your high scores online
                    						