
							About This Game
							All the fun of a field trip without leaving home!The Farm captures all the fun, energy and excitement of a real working farm. Kids can visit the big red barn and watch a cow being milked. Take a peek inside the chicken coop and find out where eggs come from. Help harvest the corn and feed the pigs. Don't miss the pond- there's a beaver dam to explore. And that's only the beginning.Junior Field Trips turn kids loose to discover exciting new places up close and on their own. Children decide where they want to go and how much they want to know. Detailed explanations, lively sound effects and colorful animation make every trip truly one of a kind. Kids will want to visit The Farm again and again. It's a place where understanding and experience grow and fun never ends. Let Buzzy the Knowledge Bug guide your child on a fun-filled trip to the farm!Meet your tour guide.Buzzy the Knowledge Bug is your official Farm guide. He'll tell you all about the farm animals, how crops grow, and what's cooking on the farmhouse stove. All at the push of a button.Let your child's natural curiosity run free!What is a silo used for? How does a well work? Why do pigs wallow in mud? The answers to these and hundreds of other questions are just a click away.Just about everything has a story.More than 215 animals, plants, tools and machines are defined and explained in detail. Click on the screen and Buzzy will read the description out loud.Surprise click points.You never know what's going to happen when you click on apples in the orchard, the pulley in the barn, or the grinder in the mill. Things transform and create a magical world children love.Learning has never been so much fun.Through exploration, experimentation, and play- kids improve their spelling, test their memory skills, learn how to mix colors, and enhance their dexterity and vocabulary- all in 5 fun-filled games.This product uses ScummVM across Windows, Mac and Linux which is released under the GNU GPL v2.For more information, please visit - http://www.scummvm.orgThe GNU GPL can be viewed here - https://www.gnu.org/licenses/gpl-2.0.html						