
							About This Game
							Something distinctly odd is happening in the Kingdom. In the town square, the plungers are feuding and the situation is quickly going down the drain. A huge, fire-breathing kitten has besieged the castle and threatens to bring catastrophe. And you just can’t brush off the fact that the King is actually an old wooden broom who wants to sweep all these mix-ups under the rug.In this wacky parody adventure, the ridiculousness is unstoppable. Think “MadLibs” meets a classic “collect-and-combine” adventure game - but with more puns and time-traveling robots.FeaturesADventure Lib is a classic fantasy adventure game, except...RandomnessSillinessAwesome PunsChickens that aren't usually chickens (but probably still taste like chicken).A terrible something that can only be described as “fish.”The Coming SingularityEpic FeudsImpending death by kitten fire (or pineapple fire, or princess fire, or, well you get the idea)!About ADventure LibHave you ever noticed that the puzzles in point & click adventures are bizarre or outright ridiculous? Like “combine the fishing line with the artichoke to get the platypus to open the grate so the rubber ducky floats down the tube...” when all you really wanted to do was open a door or something?Adventure Lib lovingly pokes fun at this roundabout nonsense with puzzles that are more than ridiculous, they are completely random! All the characters and items you interact with are literally swapped with each other, so you could be Plunger the Brave, whose quest is to open the locked pants of legend and solve outlandish item combination puzzles like putting butter on robots (that would totally short its circuits). ADventure Lib is not a long game, but it is designed for re-playability - much of the fun is found by playing multiple times and discovering new [often unintentional] jokes, and new object-specific puns and dialogue.Should I Play ADventure Lib?If you like randomness, puns, point & click adventures, and parodies, then definitely. This is a silly game, for silly people.Object ManagerWant to add even more awesome wackiness? There is now an Object Manager that allows you to add your own objects or characters, to be immediately shuffled into the game! You can draw a banana, record yourself saying "banana" and before you know it you could be walking around as Banana the Brave!						