
							About This Content
							Across America in the 19th and early 20th centuries, small railroads busied themselves hauling logs and lumber. And now, the Clear Creek Log and Lumber Expansion Pack brings the captivating experience of steam-era logging and lumber railroading to Train Simulator!The Clear Creek Log and Lumber Expansion Pack transforms the popular Clear Creek Narrow Gauge route (available separately and required for this pack) into a mountainous logging line on which you can take the throttle of diminutive Porter-built steam locomotives like those that so often worked on logging railroads across the North American continent.The Clear Creek Log and Lumber Expansion Pack brings to Train Simulator three narrow-gauge Porter-built locomotives representative of typical American logging steam power: Included in the pack are a Porter saddle-tank 0-4-0T and 0-4-2T, both of which are coal burners. And also included is a remarkable wood-burning, tender-equipped 2-6-0 “Mogul.” This iconic locomotive is a re-creation of the Argent Lumber Company’s locomotive No. 3, which was constructed by Porter in 1905 and was nicknamed the “Swamp Rat.”The pack’s steam locomotives include a variety of advanced and interesting operating features, such as operating smoke box doors and stack cleaning caps – and the potential for cylinder damage and even a boiler explosion if not operated properly!To tote logs and lumber, the Clear Creek Log and Lumber Expansion Pack includes Russel Wheel & Car Company wooden log cars; wooden stake flats (for hauling milled lumber), and a wooden crew car (caboose).In addition to its three vintage steam locomotives and rolling stock, the Clear Creek Log and Lumber Expansion Pack provides a variety of unique structures ideal for bringing logging railroading to operational life. The pack includes an animated saw mill, a pond unloader, a Surry Parker log loader, and a lumber loader. And to service the diminutive Porter steam locomotives, the pack also provides a water tower, coaling station, and sanding tower.The Clear Creek Log and Lumber Expansion Pack brings the best of classic, steam-era log- and lumber-hauling railroading to Train Simulator! Note: Please note that the Clear Creek Narrow Gauge route is required in order to play this Expansion pack. ScenariosThe Clear Creek Log and Lumber Expansion Pack provides five challenging and enjoyable career scenarios putting you to work on the popular Clear Creek Narrow Gauge  route (available separately).[R01] Introduction to the Porter 0-4-0[R02] Introduction to the Porter 0-4-2[R03] Introduction to the Argent Lumber Mogul #3 - 2-6-0[R04] Last Lumber Train in the Evening[R05] Logs, Timber and Lumber for the IndustryMore scenarios are available on Steam Workshop online and in-game. Train Simulator’s Steam Workshop scenarios are free and easy to download, adding many more hours of gameplay. With scenarios being added daily, why don’t you check it out now! Click here for Steam Workshop scenarios.Key FeaturesPorter-built 0-4-0T and 0-4-2T coal-burning steam locomotives	Porter-built Argent Lumber Co. No. 3 wood-burning 2-6-0 Mogul	Russel Wheel & Car Company wooden log cars; wooden stake flats (for hauling milled lumber), and a wooden crew car (caboose).	Animated operating lumber mill 	Functioning Surry Parker log loader, a lumber loader, and pond unloader	Locomotive water tower, coaling station, and sanding tower	Five career scenarios bringing to life lumber and logging operations Download size: 87.6 MB 						