
							About This Content
							The perfect accompaniment to the new South Wales Coastal route for Train Simulator is this Arriva Trains Wales DMU Pack, containing the Class 143 and Class 158.The British Rail Class 143 is a diesel multiple unit, part of the Pacer family of trains introduced between 1985 and 1986. They originally worked in the North-East of England but were later transferred to Wales and South-West England. Based on a Walter Alexander bus body, the ‘Nodding Donkey’ was introduced to the rail network in the mid-1980s and is well known for its unsophisticated bouncy ride and meagre seating, faithfully recreated in this model. The Class 158 was introduced by British Rail in 1989 as part of the programme to replace ageing heritage DMUs still in service. With an aluminium body, the DMU was dubbed the ‘Express Sprinter’ as it was designed to accelerate rapidly between stations, making it ideal for stopping services where new tighter timetables could now be introduced. With a top speed of 90mph and comfortable interior furnishings, it was also intended to be capable of handling longer services with ease. The Arriva Trains Wales DMU Pack for Train Simulator contains both the Class 143 and Class 158 in Arriva Trains Wales livery and the bonus Class 158 in First Great Western Livery. The DMUs are also Quick Drive compatible, giving you the freedom to drive the Class 143 and Class 158 on any Quick Drive enabled route for Train Simulator, such as those available through Steam. Also included are scenarios specifically for the South Wales Coastal – Bristol to Cardiff route (available separately and required to play these scenarios).ScenariosFour scenarios for the South Wales Coastal route:	Cardiff to Cheltenham Spa (Class 158)	Cardiff Queen Street to Cardiff Bay (Class 143)	Cheltenham Spa to Maesteg (Class 143)	Bristol Temple Meads to Cardiff (Class 158)More scenarios are available on Steam Workshop online and in-game. Train Simulator’s Steam Workshop scenarios are free and easy to download, adding many more hours of exciting gameplay. With scenarios being added daily, why don’t you check it out now!Click here for Steam Workshop scenarios.Key Features	Four engaging career scenarios for the South Wales Coastal: Bristol – Cardiff route	BR Class 143 in Arriva Trains Wales livery 	BR Class 158 in Arriva Trains Wales livery 	Bonus BR Class 158 in First Great Western livery	Quick Drive compatible 	Download size: 435mb						