
							About This Game
							Dodge the carnage! Whack the daemons! Grab the paintings!Daemon Detective Gaiden is an action platformer game where your mission doesn't only consist of beating up everything. Pressing forward in one piece is just the beginning -- your mission isn't complete before you've tracked down every single stolen painting! With a whopping 120 of them on the loose, you're gonna need every single bit of your wits and every single power-up you can carry. Do you have what it takes to become a Daemon Detective?FeaturesVenture through eight distinct, hazardous worlds with unique challenges!Unlock the secret areas for even greater challenges - if you have the guts to take them on!Four different playable characters with different pros and cons - makes every play through different both in game play and dialogue!Over a dozen different power-ups ranging from climbing walls to melee weapons, magnetic shields and projectiles! You'd better save up some coins...Multiple difficulty settings - if the game is too hard for you, give it a shot with extra hitpoints or helpful platforms instead!Spend coins collected in the levels to purchase helpful items and get past parts where you have trouble! That random guy running the shady shop tent seems completely trustworthy, doesn't he? Right?Native gamepad support, allowing for both modern and legacy controllers to be used! (Should be plugged in before the game is started for best performance)Three different endings to unlock, each one giving access to a bonus feature!Full color 16-bit visuals like in the good ol' days!Collect a grand total of 120 stolen paintings and 120 rank stars!Includes Time Trial and Boss Rush modes for challenge seekers!Unlock bestiary entries for all enemy types and learn a few things about folklore from all around the world!Insane shoot-em-up action boss battles that will put your pattern recognition skills and your reaction time to the ultimate test!Occasionally receive advice from humanoid penguins!						