
							About This Game
							Rebuilt and reimagined on the Unreal 4 engine. Pump-Action Captain is a difficult, minimalist, rogue-like, permadeath FPS dungeon crawler with RPG elements. You have only ONE life, and ONE weapon. Armed with only a shotgun, you must outwit and outlast a high-tech security system programmed to kill you. Avoid traps, collect loot, upgrade your gear while fighting off monsters before succumbing to permadeath. Move quickly, the longer you play, the more difficult the game becomes. Survive the longest, top the leaderboards and crush the competition. It's just you and your shotgun against the entire world. Good luck, Captain.Rogue-like Permadeath No regeneration. No respawning. No cover system. No ammo dumps. No checkpoints. No quick saves. Make every shot, every step, every second count. Waste time and the game will become increasingly harder. Death will come in many different forms, so think on your feet and adapt to survive. No two playthroughs will ever be the same.Random Level Generation Explore an infinite number of procedurally generated dungeons filled with randomly generated props, traps, items and enemies. A modern recipe for an intense gaming challenge. Risk your life to recover the best loot, upgrades and tech locked away in the darkness.Shotguns! Shotguns! Shotguns! Unlock and loadout with whatever single shot, over-under, double barrel, pump-action, semi-auto or full-auto shotgun you prefer. Everything from an old flintlock Blunderbuss to a modern day Spas-12. Each shotgun comes with its own unique characteristics, ensuring each attempt is a brand new experience.Improvisational Equipment Utilize motion-sensing trip mines, explosive barrels and even rusty old bear traps to prolong your survival. Attach explosives, hack devices and rewire equipment to gain an advantage.Zombies, Aliens and Robots... Oh My! Fight off procedurally scaling enemy types that get more difficult over time. Varying from all ranges of sci-fi and fantasy to cryptozoology. Then watch them interbreed, creating offspring with mixed attacks and traits. Robot-Dinosaurs, anyone? No genre is truly safe.Perks! Mix, match and stack different game changing pads that directly effect the way you play. Manipulate everything from stamina, speed, jump height and tracer spread; to ammo type, fire-rate and time control. Watch yourself start to evolve as you transform into a potentially god-like killing machine. Experiment with different combinations to suit your playstyle, making each attempt a brand new experience.Development Roadmap:-Steam Cloud-Collectables-More Monsters-More Shotguns-More Perks-Enemy Breeding-Blood & Gore-Global Leaderboards-Achievements-Cards-Virtual Reality						