
							About This Content
							Grow your Embraer Regional Jet fleet with the latest aircraft add-ons available for FSX: Steam Edition from FeelThere. Based on the Embraer 145LR, which debuted at the Paris Air show in 1989, the 135LR and 145XR variants offer slightly different configurations to address different service requirements. The 135LR retains the long-range capability, but is shorter and seats fewer passengers than the 145LR. The 145XR (Extra-long Range) seats 50 passengers and has an even longer range than the LR variant, and can be identified by its winglets. Fly like a pro with these two well-loved regional jets, which both feature fully interactive virtual cockpits. A configuration tool can be accessed via the Tools menu in the Steam client, which enables you to tailor your airliner experience to your liking, with options such as start-up condition, payload, and much more. These birds are used in airlines all around the world, so hop in and re-enact your favourite domestic flights!Features	Highly detailed aircraft models with virtual cockpit and cabin.	Photo-realistic 2D panel with five photo-realistic subpanels.	Ultra-realistic flight model.	Configuration tool with customisation of aircraft load, unit measurements, start up condition, etc.	CALL! (First officer and flight attendant simulation) included (opened with Shift + 6).	Custom XML instruments and animations inside and outside.	Fully interactive virtual cockpit with clickable custom switches and knobs.	Ground proximity warning system (GPWS).	TCAS II with audio -visual Traffic Advisory and Resolution Advisory system.	Realistic and detailed systems, including electrical, pneumatics, hydraulics, pressurisation, bleed air, air conditioning, FADEC with ATTCS function, GPWS, self-test, and ventral tank for the ERJ 145XR.	Accurate autopilot with over speed and stall recovery systems.	APU simulated with correct fuel consumption.	Realistic and complex Fuel management system.	Embraer factory paint scheme.						