
							About This Game
							1872, with a steampunk twist. Phileas Fogg has wagered he can circumnavigate the world in just eighty days. TIME Magazine's Game of 2014 and winner of the IGF award for narrative; now available on Steam! Choose your own route around a 3D globe, travelling by airship, submarine, mechanical camel, steam-train and more, racing other players and a clock that never stops.170 cities to explore. Detailed research and techno-fantasy combine in an 1872 of tensions, inventions and exploration. Climb the Burmese mountains, trek the Zulu Federation, sail up the Amazon and disappear under the Indian Ocean - but don't fall behind the time!  Four times BAFTA-nominated and TIME's #1 Game of the Year 2014 Winner IGF "Excellence in Narrative" award "We’ve been dreaming about this future for decades. Guess what? It’s here." - New York Times 9/10 -- Edge Magazine "Interactive storytelling as its best" - The GuardianPlaying as Phileas Fogg's loyal valet, Passepartout, you must balance your master's health, your finances, and the time, as you choose your own path from city to city all the way around the world. Bribe your way onto early departures, but don't let yourself go bankrupt or you'll be sleeping rough and begging for aid! Trade items for profit, and collect the equipment for the conditions you'll face: but too much luggage will slow you down...80 DAYS is a breakneck race, with an in-game clock that never stops running. Trains, steamers, hot-air balloons, boats, camels, horses and more leave and arrive minute by minute. Every city and journey is narrated via an interactive story where you control every action. Will your choices speed you up - or lead you into disaster? Will you earn Fogg's trust and respect? Will you uncover the secrets and short-cuts that can shave days off your time? Murder, romance, rebellion and intrigue await!The Game:Plan and strategise - can you find the fastest route?Flexible interactive narrative with thousands of choicesMassively replayable - every journey is uniqueExplore an entire 3D globe, with 170 bespoke cities to visitRichly imagined, diverse alternative-history steampunk worldStunning art by Jaume IllustrationRace real people in real-time: every second countsLive multiplayer feed, showing journeys of other players as they happenShare your journey with friends						