
							About This Game
							WARNING: THIS GAME IS AN EARLY ACCESS ALPHA VERSION. PLEASE DO NOT BUY UNLESS YOU ARE PREPARED TO DEAL WITH SERIOUS ISSUES AND INTERRUPTIONS OF GAMEPLAYYou can find a list of currently known bugs here:https://trello.com/b/PgFQ91Z6/vengeance-known-bugsIf you want to keep up with the latest updates make sure to subscribe to our YouTube channel.Modern Military Shooter - Alternate EvolutionMany people are probably thinking this is just another multiplayer first person shooter with no soul, but we want to prove that wrong! We are making this game together with the community and for the community!Vengeance has been out for quite some time now, and now it is back better than any day before! Overhauled gameplay, more bug fixes, more languages, more maps, more weapons, specializations and better bots! Unfortunately, this will also mean, new bugs as it is still an Early Access game, please do not forget that!Regarding the content:Maps:Area 314Blackout - A close quarters map set in a residental area construction site Mudfront - Very close quarters Harbor - A harbor, not much to say about it  Hardpoint - Small desert town Legend - The legendary Titanic, back to new life Unique features:Specializations:In Vengeance, you will be able to specialize your part in your team. For now you can choose between Medic and Supporter. Classically, the Medic heals his team (& himself) while the Supporter supplies more ammo. Those are subject to change and any ideas are welcomed! Upcoming classes include the "Hacker", who will be able to view Cameras, hack electronics on the map but he is very vulnerable in the field while doing so!Upcoming Specializations:Real fights - Unlike other modern shooters you do not die in 2 to 3 hits, making it possible to have a real fight  Custom sprays with workshop integration - Download the Vengeance: Spray Editor from the Tool section and get started!Some things that you should know: Early Access - If you have a weak PC, please do not buy this game. It is in an early state and not as optimized as we want it to be on its full release.  Bugs - We cannot stress this enough, you WILL face bugs, do not forget that this is Early AccessWeapons:AK12 M4A1 M98B MK18 MP5SD MPX Nova PX4 RSASS SCAR-L StG44 / MP44 UMPAKM MP40Game modes:Deathmatch Team Deathmatch DominationGun GameBot SurvivalZombie SurvivalThis Year:The main plan for this year is to reintroduce Search and Destroy and incoroporate Competetive features such as Matchmaking for example.						