
							About This Game
							Guardians of Victoria is a running game with multiple twists, taking conventional running gameplay and creating something unique! Testing your reactions, planning, and timing in an action-packed multi-tasking race to the end without being caught by Jack the Ripper.Play as the Guardians as they fight their way through the Steampunk city in the clouds, collecting items and defeating the allies of the ever-chasing destroyer- Jack the Ripper. You must stop him! The game features:Free-Roaming: Unlike most running games you can actually stop, and run left!, allowing you to explore the environment a bit more. Not recommended on the hard mode!Racing against a chaser: To keep you moving along and fighting tooth and nail, The Ripper chases with his giant cloud of thunder.  The higher the difficulty- the faster he moves. Be wary though, as Ripper can shoot electric bolts!Using mechanics: To keep you in the sky and alive and well, you must avoid gas leaks, control crane platforms, put out fires, and more!Multi-characters: There are three characters with their own uniquely designed levels across various locations. Brella, Cutlass, and Firearm- members of the Guardians. The leader of the Guardians, a small flying robot called Zeal, also follows the characters on their missions. Each character has their own back-story, personality, and platforming ability (such as Brella using her umbrella to glide)!Shields-up!: Utilise the player shield by collecting the fireflies for their dust around the city. ﻿Using the shield protects you from Ripper attacks, enemy blows, fires, gas leeks, and anything else that might damage you!Tactical fast combat: Each character has a very unique fighting style. You can test them out in the arena/tutorial area, and really be tested in the city.Multiple replayable levels: Platform your way across many levels including ‘The Factory’, and ‘Daylight Victoria’. Each level features 3 different difficulty star ratings and a timer system! Simply survive to the portal at the end!Indoor running: Forget traditional rooftop running! Run indoors too! Some floating buildings can be entered! Jump in through windows or tunnels or use and find the secrets within!Steam bonuses: Steam users will also collect trading cards.Extra levels: The game also features an arena with character selection, and a combat and platforming tutorial. I also look to addship flying levels!Upgrade! Conquor! Earn skillpoints through take-downs and collectables and upgrade your characters, speed, jump, attack and health! There is lots your can do.						