
							About This Game
							MULTIPLAYER MODERetaliation Enemy Mine activation steps (required for online multiplayerplay):1. Register a Retaliation account, if you haven't one already, through the forumsinterface.2. Login to the game server with your account credentials.3. Click on "Game activation", then copy and paste the RetaliationActivation Key (that was emailed to your email address when you bought thegame) and press the "Activate Game" button.4. Enter your account credentials in the game/app (Multiplayer menu >Setup > User & Password)Note: in case for some reason you didn't receive your Activation Key whenyou purchased the game, please contact and we'll resend it to you.Retaliation: Enemy Mine is a turn-based strategy wargame designed to offer challenging tactical and strategic reasoning in a fast-and-easy format. The game is easy to learn, but hard to master.To win the game, you must gather resources, build an army, and outsmart your enemy(-ies)... and a little luck every now-and-then doesn’t hurt either. The game is played on a hexagonal board and features three types of units, each with their own specific attributes and bonuses: infantry, armour, and artillery. These units are then further affected by the varying terrain on the board itself. The game offers a total of 21 terrain types, a mix of which is randomly generated on the board, though there are some pre-set epic maps. Mountains, forests, rivers, roads... all these determine the ease or struggle of movement and combat. Different strategies will emerge with unique terrain layouts, giving each multiplayer game a fresh feel for endless strategy.Retaliation: EM is a game of trade-offs, players must learn to balance between seizing opportunities and defending against threats: Do I raid the enemy’s supply lines and leave my base vulnerable? Do I advance my soldiers or hide in hopes of an ambush opportunity? Do I engage in small skirmishes or launch a single assault with a huge army?! Constantly faced with game-changing decisions...Two key balances to the game are Army Composition and Map Control. The three types of units each have their own strengths & weaknesses so the players must take into account what the enemy has when making their own reinforcements and positioning their army on the board. On the map, there are ‘rich’ terrains that generate the most resources; these also tend to be the most vulnerable and may even not be optimal for one’s strategy. You must decide when to let the enemy hold onto those resources or when to fight over them!If you like turn-based strategy games… or if you’ve been wronged recently… you will love Retaliation!						