
							About This Game
							Featuring stunning graphics and an all-star voice cast, Liz-Arts proudly presents Memory’s Dogma CODE:01, an exhilarating sci-fi suspense visual novel set in future Japan!StoryIt is the year 2030 A.D. With the recent advancements in information technology and neuroscience in Japan, human memories can now be saved and recorded via a technology called  "e-Memory."  Numerous state-operated facilities now exist that will allow one to communicate with the deceased: the "Connect Center."College student Kusuhara Hiroki struggles with suicidal impulses after the sudden passing of his close childhood friend, Mizunashi Sorano. With her memories to last only six days, Kusuhara’s friend Amamiya Kakeru suggests that they attempt to steal Sorano’s memories from the server in which they are stored. In the midst of this, the pair of friends are suddenly embroiled in an ongoing conspiracy revolving around a truth that must be kept secret at all costs.Features:Multiple Decision Points - Avoid the "bad endings" to reach the truth.Fully Voiced Japanese Cast- Characters (including the protagonist) are brought to life by a star-studded cast of veteran Japanese voice actors from the anime industry.Full HD Visuals - Enjoy the game’s stunning visuals in Full HD format.Multiple Languages - Play through the game in either English or Japanese.Dynamic Cutscenes - Watch as important events unfold with wonderfully dynamic motion-graphic cutscenes. Voice Cast:Kusuhara Hiroki (CV: Ishiya Haruki)Hibike! Euphonium (Tsukamoto Shuuichi)Azure Striker Gunvolt (Zeno)Orikasa Reina (CV: Oonishi Saori)Is it Wrong to Pick Up Girls in a Dungeon? (Ais Wallenstein)Saekano: How to Raise a Boring Girlfriend (Eriri Spencer Sawamura)Mizunashi Sorano (CV: Satou Satomi)K-On! (Tainaka Ritsu)Is the Order a Rabbit? (Chiya Ujimatsu)Amamiya Kakeru (CV: Horie Shun)Mayoiga (Hellfire)THE iDOLM@STER SideM (Pierre)Kanzaki Haruna (CV: Nakamura Eriko)THE iDOLM@STER (Amami Haruka)Hetalia (Belgium)Kokonoe Akane (CV: Fujita Saki)WORKING!! (Inami Mahiru)VOCALOID2 (Hatsune Miku)Ema (CV: Asakawa Yuu)Fate/stay night (Rider)Akame ga Kill! (Leone)Mizunashi Aoi (CV: Nabatame Hitomi)Girls und Panzer (Itsumi Erika)Seiyu's Life! (Shiodome Hikari)Kozakura Mikoto (CV: Honda Mariko)Nichijou (Aioi Yuuko)Student Council's Discretion (Sakurano Kurimu)- You can view the staff comments on our website.						