
							About This Game
							TankZone Battle is a dynamic 3D action game. Dynamic and exciting battles are awaiting you, where the power of ammunition is not everything. Use your speed and agility to defeat your rivals!Features:• Online fights in principle similar to game Counter-Strike• No microtransactions• Funny playability• Quick action  • Different tactic with various weapons (light tank can defeat heavy tank) • Destructible environment  • Modern graphic • Tank customizing and equipment purchasing at the beginning of each round • 12 weapons and 3 special accessories such as mines, smoke screen and tree branches on the tank as a tank camouflage • Different types of tank camouflage for better camouflage in environment• Classical and digital camouflage in templates wood, desert, winter country • Suitable choice of camouflage can increase the chance to survive • Play as you can see , no additional GUI elements over the rival´s units • Possibility to use  bush as a cache, the enemy cannot see any GUI, only the tank model. Till after the player is hit, the name and status of the tank is displayedRulesThe player chooses the team. At the beginning of each round , the player has the possibility to entry a shop where he/she can buy equipment,  arms and ammunition according to available money/finances. Money is possible to gain according to merits in battle. These are fairly divided according to how many HP the player takes from rival player, not according to number of destroyed units. The aim is to destroy all rival player´s units. The players can use surrounding buildings, plants and suitable type of camouflage  in their favour. At the base camp it is possible to fill up the munition.TacticEach player will found its own tactic and favourite way of game playing. The principle is, that the player with heavy artillery has the support of at least one player with lighter artillery. During the heavy artillery overcharging it is appropriate to be protected by another player, whose gun takes shorter to be overcharged.The Game and its balanceThe players can use the weapons which differs by power. The balance is made by length of artillery overcharging.  It means,  if the player, who has heavy artillery, fired, has to wait for overcharging longer than the player with light artillery . More powerful weapon requires bigger accuracy of player and his/her manoeuvrability. By this it is ensured that the player with weak artillery has possibility to defeat the player with strong artillery.						