
							About This Game
							FINAL FANTASY® XIV: A Realm Reborn™ is a massively multiplayer online role-playing game (MMORPG) for Windows® PC, PlayStation®3 and PlayStation®4 that invites you to explore the realm of Eorzea with friends from around the world. Form a party and adventure with a multitude of players from across the globe. Forge friendships, mount chocobos, and board airships as you and your companions create your own unique stories in Eorzea. Set out alone or enlist the aid of friends as you undertake epic quests, battle familiar FINAL FANTASY monsters, and acquire unique abilities and equipment. All the classic elements from the series that you have come to know and love are waiting! Embark on the adventure of a lifetime to help reforge the fate of Eorzea on PC or PS3.Eorzea. A Land embraced by Gods and forged by Heroes. Seeking control of this realm and its abundant crystal resources, the Garlean Empire sends forth a massive host on a campaign to conquer its southern neighbor. Driven by madness, the commander of the invading forces silently plots to tear the moon from the heavens and hurl it down upon the land. The people of the realm soon learn of this foul scheme, and join their hands in prayer in an eleventh-hour attempt to entreat the aid of the gods, only to see their endeavors fail. From within the moon emerges Bahamut, an ancient terror seething with rage fueled by countless generations of imprisonment. Sensing the tug of Fate, a powerful magus channels the last of his strength to send Eorzea’s heroes into a temporal rift. There they wait, untouched by the flames of destruction, until they are needed again. Those heroes are you, and the hour of awakening is now. Come and witness a realm reborn.Features All the hallmarks of the FINAL FANTASY franchise, including an engaging storyline, genre-leading graphics, and HD real time cut scenesRobust gameplay features such as player-run Free Companies, story-driven player-vs.-player content, and a unique summoning system, all designed to accommodate a dynamic player community Incredible new graphics engine that delivers a high level of detail and quality on the Windows PC, PlayStation®3, and PlayStation®4 platforms A flexible class system that allows players to change to any of the eighteen different classes on the fly, simply by swapping their equipped weapon or tool Breathtaking musical score by renowned FINAL FANTASY series composers Cross-platform play on Windows PC and PlayStation®3						