
							About This Game
							DescriptionThis installment of "Arvale", a Steam exclusivity published by Aldorlea Games (Millennium, Asguaard, The Book of Legends, Girlfriend Rescue etc.), combines all four previously released episodes, making it a full, stand-alone game worth about 20 hours of gameplay.http://www.aldorlea.org/arvale.phphttp://www.aldorlea.org/arvale2.phphttp://www.aldorlea.org/arvale3.phphttp://www.aldorlea.org/arvale4.php StorylineDuncan Forsythe is the royal gardener of Entoque Castle. He spends his days battling nasty flower beds, hunting down poisonous weeds, and occasionally doing his Royal Majesty’s laundry. Meanwhile, the buzz around the castle is that Duncan once saved the world. This is news to Duncan. He can’t remember a thing that happened over the last few years. He definitely doesn’t remember saving the world. Unfortunately, he may have to – lest the world get thrown into turmoil yet again. Dark forces are rising, and the key to defeating them lies in Duncan’s memory – the memory that is now scattered throughout the world of Arvale. Take him on an epic quest to retrieve those memories and thwart certain doom for the entire world, all the while battling monsters, exploring dungeons, challenging dragons, rescuing fair maidens, gathering friends and foes, and strangely enough, talking with wheelbarrows. Features* Large, immersive, visual world with a huge variety of locations.* Interact with hundreds of amusing characters in the story* Laugh. A lot. Arvale is known for its fun, hilarious dialogue* Overachieve with many side-quests* 2 hours of original music* Many playable characters give a unique storytelling experience.* Over 20 hours of Adventure game time!* Equip your character with ever-cooler weapons, including swords, spears, whips and more* Wield magic spells against your enemies, ranging from fire, ice and lightning spells to the stranger and more intriguing Filibuster and Minecraft. * Battle evil beasts of all kinds, from tiny rats and bats to werewolves, demons, and ogres. * Interact with thousands of non-player characters to learn more about the world and give you some entertainment along your way – a lot of those NPCs are pretty dang funny. * Laugh. A lot. Arvale has become known for its fun, hilarious dialogue, and this game is no exception. * Watch original cutscenes that unveil your character’s story. Since Duncan doesn’t know any more about it than you do, you’ll both be amazed by what you learn – and by the cool visuals. * Overachieve with the option of many side-quests to collect more items and battle more monsters Best-selling Games by Aldorlea Available on SteamMillenniumAsguaardMoonchildGirlfriend RescueVagrant HeartsUndefeated						