
							About This Game
							Dimension Drive is a Dual-Battlefield space shooter with a teleportation mechanic. It seamlessly combines shooting and puzzle mechanics. Dimension Drive will teleport you into a comic book styled sci-fi space opera set in a multidimensional universe. The Ashajuls, a cruel multidimensional alien race, are attacking our universe. Fight as Jackelyne Tywood (a.k.a. Jack) in The Manticore, a legendary ship capable of teleporting across space and dimensions. Uncover the mysteries of your past and the origin of the Dimension Drives with your trusty friend and A.I., "V.E.R.A.", at your side.Features A New Type of Shoot’Em Up: Dimension Drive is a Dual-Battlefield vertical Shoot’Em Up with a focus on smart, quick teleporting. Rich Sci-fi Adventure: Unfold the secrets of the Dimension Drives and your past, teleport across the multiverse fighting the ultimate threat, and meet new races and  allies!   Clever Mix of Mechanics: A seamless combination of levels focusing on strategic shooting and real-time puzzles will make you question what you know about shoot'em ups.  2 games on your screen: Dimension drive is a unique shoot'em up where you're fighting two battle fields at once. 4 difficulty modes: Normal, Hard, Extreme and WTF! Offer different challenges for different play styles. Play with shields in Normal, or go to the old-school route with one hit kills in Hard and Extreme. If you are up for the challenge try WTF! and try your luck at beating the game with one single hit. Single player and local co-op: Play solo or enjoy our unique take on 2 player mode: total cooperative where both players share everything down to their lives, play as a team or die. Comicbook art style: Video game meets comic. Experience the story of Jack through the motion comics and awe at the colour rich in-game comic art style. Who said space was black? Energy management: The Manticore is powered by the Dimension Drive energy. Carefully strategize and decide when and where are the best places to teleport. Advanced scoring system: Obtain the best score in the leaderboards. Teleportation! (We said that already, didn't we?)						