
							About This Game
							LocoSoccer is a fun, crazy physics-based soccer game where you must do a lot of goals to win cups and accesories for your team. Your objective is easy: win all cups with your goals.How awesome is that?First, choose a difficulty to start playing with. Start playing as the blue team.In your team, there are 5 players. 3 groups. The first group is the goalkeeper, the second the defenders and the third the midfields.Use your numpad/numbers from 1 to 3 to control the groups of your team. The main ability you can develop in LocoSoccer is using SHIFT, not exactly is a key but a skill. This key toggles the ability to spin your characters while they move, making them do amazing goals, saves and movements. It's all about this little key, although is not neccesary and you can play without it, it's the essential gameplay part of LocoSoccer.Awesome music! Our composer Daniel Vásquez created awesome techno music for LocoSoccer that will make you hum.Available on PC, Mac and Linux.Customization You'll be able to buy a lot of stuff in the store, to customize your team and to play with different balls.2-players Mode If Singleplayer is boring for you, why not try it with friends? You can customize the team of both players.Great graphics A 3D-2D scenario enhanced with Lens Flare, an entire functional city, and the LocoMountain.Excellent ambience You will feel like in a real stadium. The supporters will sing, cheer, play music and a lot of stuff. With an airplane, a coach, your partners watching you, birds, and more included!Difficulty It adjusts to your gameplay and you can change it whenever you want. From easy, to medium and hard: the way your opponent plays and the duration the match has will change.Training Not sure how the gameplay works? Check this out, with the original AI and the desire difficulty in an infinite time.An objective! There is an actual ending in the game. Buy all the cups and watch it.Crazy movement Press SHIFT to make your players rotate in different directions, to make the ball enter in the opponent's goal.Referee He'll take care if the ball is not being played for a long time, and also end the match and whistle the goal.Hours of gameplay You'll spend a lot of hours to play all the neccesary matches, adquire the 100% effectivity and win all the cups.-Copyright data: All the names are fictional and were made for this game only.						