
							About This Game
							Sphere 3: Enchanted World is a brand new MMORPG created for the most hardcore players. Missed the unstoppable PVP-action with non-target system? This game surely will bring you all you want! Take part in epic sieges of huge castles. Use a wide arsenal of siege engines to achieve your goal. Do not focus on the only one strategy — you have thousands ways to be victorious!Sphere 3: Enchanted World has a strong classic fantasy storyline which currently consists of more than 1000 quests. It will take approximately 600 hours in total to make a complete journey through the story of political deceit, war atrocities and vile treachery.Key features:The world of total PvP: Battles and engagements between individual players, parties, clans, alliances and factions in different modes can occur on the most parts of the game map, sometimes with no exception for stating areas. Non-target, no compromises: Sphere 3 combat system provides total freedom of aiming, dynamically calculates the damage and allows a player to quickly pick an optimum attacking ability at a given range with its unique color telltale crosshair.Performance for the masses: Moderate system requirements make Sphere 3 a perfect place for mass PvP action.A thrilling story-driven adventure: The game’s storyline comprises more than 1000 quests moving through which a player makes up to 80% of levelling progress.    Epic, exciting and challenging castle sieges: Conquering a castle is impossible without using an arsenal of siege weapon and demands a whole list of objectives to be completed by attacker (capture the flag points, wipe out NPC defenders, breach the gates etc.). It’s all about castles: Owning a castle is a headache of micromanagement, defensive upgrading and constant state of alarm which pays off in the end by anopportunity to get some of the best items available in the entirety of the game. Unforgiving yet fair PK (Player Kill) and Karma system: PK is not persecuted in numerous free PvP zones, while gathering bad karma points causes an offender to lose both gold and items after death.  Well-balanced PvP team: Characters of 9 different classes with their own unique strengths and weaknesses combined in the way to functionally complement each other on the field of battle.    Diverse PvE entertainment: Dungeons, world bosses, global cooperative missions on the enemy territory etc. 						