
							About This Game
							Prepare for the ultimate journey into terror! Twisted Lands Trilogy Collector's Edition collects the terrifying Twisted Lands trilogy into one heart-pounding package. Experience the terror of Twisted Lands: Shadow Town, Twisted Lands: Insomiac and Twisted Lands: Origin! These three terrifying hidden object adventures will lead you on three spine-chilling tales of suspense and mystery!The Games Why does your heart beat faster when you peer into a dark room? What makes the hair on your neck bristle when something invisible whispers in your ear? And why do you jump when something that should not be real appears in the corner of your vision? Explore the emotion of fear in Twisted Lands: Shadow Town. Help Angel figure out what is real and what is in her head as she attempts to escape from a Mental Hospital! Steeped in psychological horror, Twisted Lands: Insomniac follows the wife of the central character in the original game, as she attempts to escape the mental hospital in which she's imprisoned. Explore a haunting environment as you go on Angel's mystifying quest! Return to the horrific beginning and witness the birth of terror as you tie the many threads of the Twisted Lands saga together in Twisted Lands: Origin! Your survival instincts will be tested as you explore each bloodcurdling location on the island of Tormente. There's barely a moment to catch your breath as you encounter each bone-chilling danger. Can you escape the island before death catches up? Every story has a beginning, but few are as terrifying as this!Features:  Includes three complete games: Twisted Lands: Shadow Town, Twisted Lands: Insomniac and Twisted Lands: Origin!  Explore the emotion of fear in Twisted Lands Shadow Town!  In Twisted Lands Shadow Town, marooned on a mysterious island after a shipwreck you will make one spine-chilling discovery after another as you search for your missing spouse and journey towards the shocking conclusion.  Discover the horrific beginnings and witness the birth of terror in Twisted Lands: Origin! Explore the spooky atmosphere in a collection of terrifying hidden object adventure locations!  Includes Collector's Edition bonus material!						