
							About This Content
							* Note: Each DLC pack may only be purchased and activated once per Gladiators Online account. Previous ownership of items additionally contained in the DLC package does not constitute a valid reason for refund or compensation, so please check them carefully prior to purchase.Gladiators Online - Tiro PackFrom Latin tiro ‎(“a novice gladiator or young soldier”). This pack contains the basic elements needed to put you onto a sound economic footing early on in Gladiators Online.Package Contents:Fully equiped level 3 Premium Gladiator (random class)The main benefit of a premium gladiator is his free replacement (as purchased) upon death. This means you will not need to either invest or start from the bottom, saving precious time and silver. Additionally, premium gladiators earn more experience while levelling quicker, gaining more fans opposed to standard gladiators - thus improving the level of your “House”, unlocking new content with it. Lastly, premium gladiators have a higher “Potential” rating, allowing them to reroll attribute gains several times in a row - if you have collected enough reroll tokens, that is...10,000 Silver DenariThe main currency of the game. Silver Denarii (correctly spelled with two i in Latin) are by no means easy to come by, and you should not expect to be showered with free silver during play. A bag of Denari will help you buy all relevant items as well as the potentially life saving combat consumables, not to mention the staff required for training and recuperating your champions.    500 Gold AureiRare and valuable currency distributed only sparingly throughout the game. Not required to play or enjoy Gladiators Online, yet allowing purchase of masterfully crafted items and exceptionally skilled staff. The majority of these goods are permanent, aiding the player with time and silver saving benefits without unbalancing the game and combat.  10 Reroll TokensReroll tokens are scarce collectable items granting the opportunity to utilize the gladiator’s “Potential”. Each token allows you to reroll an otherwise final result when assigning a trained attribute point to your gladiator’s preferred attribute category, thus allowing you to further form and specify his strengths. These tokens represent all the extra coaching hours and one-to-one lessons reserved only for the most promising talent in the ludus. 						