
							About This Content
							Get WurrzagWurrzag is a Free Legendary Lord for Total War: WARHAMMER, introducing a new character to start your campaign or multiplayer games with.This latest free content launches on the 20th Oct at the same time as the Total War: WARHAMMER – The King & The Warlord DLC. Check back on this page then and then click the Download button to get Wurrzag for your game for free.Once downloaded, you may start a new Grand Campaign as the Bloody Handz tribe, led by Wurrzag.Wurrzag Da Great Green ProphetWizards are widely considered to be touched by the divine, which is unsurprising when one considers the maelstrom of forces they routinely channel. In this regard however, the Savage Orc Shaman Wurrzag is in a league of his own.The greatest herald of Gork and Mork, he appears in battle as a gyrating lunatic, actively seeking out the heart of the conflict where wizards normally fear to tread. Indeed, when Wurrzag is present, those gifted in the magical arts are advised to steer a wide berth, as magical mishaps are rumoured to befall those nearby.He inspires his Savage Orc cohorts with a brutal battle-fervour, driving them to ever-greater acts of ferocity, and supporting them further with spells and incantations as he races around the field atop his fearsome War Boar Spleenrippa.Unique questsLike all Legendary Lords, Wurrzag unlocks a series of unique quest-chains as he levels up. Each rewards him with his legendary wargear, transforming his abilities in Battle and Campaign. Wurrzag has three quest-chains, bestowing him with The Baleful Mask, The Bonewood Staff and his Squiggly Beast. Traits, skills and abilitiesWurrzag has a number of further effects which make him a unique Legendary Lord.When unlocked, his skill Da Fury of Da Prophet! Imbues his entire army with magical attacks.
    Wurrzag can unlock his own personal mount, the War Boar Spleenrippa.	All Savage Orc units in Wurrzag’s army receive bonuses to their physical resistance and charge bonus statistics.	All Savage Orcs under Wurrzag enjoy a major reduction to their usual upkeep costs.	Opposing wizards in close vicinity to Wurrzag suffer a major increase to their chance of miscasting.	Wurrzag carries Da Effagee of Da Git, a ragged doll which he pricks with needles to pin enemy characters in place on the battlefield.	Wurrzag’s War Paint grants him extra physical resistance.This content pack also includes an update to the Chaos Warriors army roster in the shape of three new units: Feral Manticores, Marauder Horsemasters and Aspiring Champions.						