
							About This Content
							The “Organic Matters” update features a massive amount of content designed by the community via the GAMES2GETHER© initiative. Change your gameplay with the new Organic pod, fight against new monsters, play with a new hero, build new minor modules, check out the brand new ending sequence, and enjoy full gamepad support! Oh, and did we mention the update was FREE?Organic spaceshipNote from sales brochure: ''This pod is an intellectual living creature, so take care of her, like a member of your crew. Remember, she likes red wine, boiled shrimp with sauce, classical music and pictures of kittens.'' The Organic spaceship provides a fresh new gameplay mode with the following rules: the powered rooms can't be unpowered / provide X Food per turn / hurt the monsters the monsters are faster the modules can't be repairedNew heroLike all Rosetta models, QV1819 was designed to be the first point of contact with new species during planetary colonization, learning the culture and language of the indigenous people to avoid any potential conflict with the settlers. Acquiring more personality in her AI than other models, QV1819 began referring to herself solely as Rosetta, and felt that her colonists were bringing 'enlightenment to the savages' -- whether the natives wanted them to or not. Fortunately, she seems to be the only one on board with this idea.New minor modulesThese two new modules are a perfect fit for your Organic pod attemptsbuild the "Biomass Factory" and convert useless dead bodies into useful Industry units build the "Biomass Cannery" and generate Food units. Anything goes in, Food comes out. It's best not to ask how...New monstersA new type of monster has appeared in the dungeon: the Vultuu family. Designed by the community, the Vultuu features 3 elusive monsters that will try to weaken your heroes and modules. One of them will even hide, and drop extra Dust if taken down quickly enough.New ending sequenceYou've asked for it, we made it! You can new enjoy a brand new ending sequence, in all its pixel-perfect glory. One issue remains though: you first need to reach the dungeon's surface, one door at a time.Full gamepad supportToggle the option in the main menu and play the game with your favorite gamepad. The game has been tuned to provide the smoothest gameplay possible with specifically tailored GUI elements.						