
							About This Content
							The Universal Pack includes a premium equipment set for all classes of soldiers, and also provides an additional slot in barracks.Pack contains:Protective Armor Set "CAPP" SEPremium individual armor for soldiers of the class "Assault Infantry". It has more durability and less weight, increases soldier accuracy and capacity of inventory. Also premium model increases earning Experience and Credits in the battle for 25%."Steyr" M SEPremium pistol for soldiers of the class "Assault Infantry". It has more durability, less weight and improved specifications. increases the capacity of inventory and has improved accuracy. Also the premium model increases earning Experience and Credits in the battle for 5%.Ammunition for "Steyr" M SE (x100)Exoskeleton "Mars" SEPremium individual armor for soldiers of the class "Heavy Infantry". It has more durability and less weight, increases soldier accuracy and capacity of inventory. Also premium model increases earning Experience and Credits in the battle for 25%.XM-26 LSS Model II SEPremium shotgun for soldiers of the class "Heavy Infantry". It increases the capacity of inventory and has improved accuracy. Also the premium model increases earning Experience and Credits in the battle for 5%.Ammunition for XM-26 LSS Model II SE (x100)Camouflage "Swamp Thing U" SEPremium individual armor for soldiers of the class "Commando". It has more durability and less weight, increases soldier accuracy and capacity of inventory. Also premium model increases earning Experience and Credits in the battle for 25%.MP-443 Grach Mark IIPremium pistol for soldiers of the class "Commando". It increases the capacity of inventory and has improved accuracy. Also the premium model increases earning Experience and Credits in the battle for 5%.Ammunition for MP-443 Grach Mark II (x100)Protective Armor Set "Phoj Lou Ultra" SEPremium individual armor for soldiers of the class "Fire Support". It has more durability and less weight, increases soldier accuracy and capacity of inventory. Also premium model increases earning Experience and Credits in the battle for 25%."Browning" DA SEPremium pistor for soldiers of a class "Fire support". It increases the capacity of inventory and has improved accuracy. Also the premium model increases earning experience and credits in the battle for 5%.Ammunition for "Browning" DA SE (x100)Premium SlotAdds aditional place in barracks for mercenaries.Attention! After purchase of any pack it is have to be activated in the game.						