
							About This Game
							CautionThis game is made by RPG Maker, so the engine's exclusive feature is available as shown below.If you want to take a screenshot using Steam Overlay feature, please change the key to the key other than F12.F12: Reset the gameAlt+Enter: Full screen / Window modeHelen knows little about who she is and where she is, but she's dying to find out. Stuck on a floating island with a maze-like castle begging to be explored, Helen lets her curiosity get the better of her. It's a good thing she's more than capable.Armed with a plethora of weapons she finds on her journey, Helen must battle monsters, collect new equipment, and uncover the secrets of her mysterious home.Helen spends the game fighting on her own, and she wouldn't have it any other way. Using the unique 1-on-1 combat system, Helen can collect weapons, and switch between them during battle as the situation dictates.Using the passage of time and a knowledge of your opponents, you can quickly bring out the right weapon for the job and finish off foes before they have a chance to react.Upgrade weapons using experience points gathered from defeated enemies, collect new weapons hidden within the labyrinth, and build the perfect arsenal.Equip and upgrade weapons of all shapes and sizes, from bows and shields to broadswords and devastating magic spells. Learning when to use each weapon is the ultimate key to victory. HelenOur heroine. A girl of few words. ArdisA man that lives with Helen. The Demon KingRuler of the Four Lords. Undead KnightHe seems to appear wherever Helen goes. ZackA hero. The FairyThe hero's attendant.Death isn't the EndDeath can come swiftly in the world of Helen's Mysterious Castle, but it's not the end of the adventure. Every time Helen perishes, she'll reawaken in the cabin with a piping hot salisbury steak ready to eat. Gobbling up this delicious meal will grant her a permanent increase to her life, making otherwise difficult foes just a little easier.FAQQ. Does Helen level up?A. You need to level up your items with your experience points.Q. There is a glitch or aspect ratio issue in the game.A. Please change to Window mode by pressing F4 or Alt+Enter.Q. Manual?A. ReadMe file is available inside your steam directory;    C:\Program Files\Steam\steamapps\common\Helen's Mysterious Castle\helenQ. Why does the Japanese version crash?A. The Japanese coding in this game runs only on Japanese Locales. If you want to play the game in Japanese and it is crashing, please change your System Locale to Japanese.						