
							About This Game
							Dear community,Thank you for supporting us during the Early Access stage of development. This is game is yours as much as ours.Game FeaturesAlways something to doThree regions, dozens of islands, hundreds of quests!Free roamLimitless sailing in real time - use Global Map only if you want to!Pirate cooperationShare the world of Tempest between you and your friends. Pirate, trade and do quests together, or declare war to each other and watch the ocean burn!Pure singleplayerWant to be a lone sea wolf? Multiplayer is only an option, the game is originally designed for singleplayer mode.Seafarer’s adventuresBuy ships, upgrade your ships, decorate your ships!Being a pirate: Marketer or Racketeer?Buy something cheap and sell it at a higher price… Or plunder galleons, sink warships, destroy forts!Fight huge monstersKraken’s sea-friends are waiting for you!Not only cannonsUse mystical crystals to escape the enemy’s cannonballs, bring down meteorites onto your opponent or call a huge octopus to your aid!Create a great, loyal crewLevel up your pirates, let them grow from sailor boys to skilled old salts!Hey Captain! Now that you’ve got the Jolly Roger fluttering in the wind over your ship, you’re ready to rove the seas, take on merchant ships loaded with booty and storm formidable fortresses. Set sail and get your hands on all those legendary treasures that are just waiting for the picking!When we created Tempest, we focused on the most thrilling part of pirate life – sea battles. As you navigate the dangerous waters of the game you won’t just catch up with merchants, but you will encounter fellow pirates, creepy followers of a mysterious cult and terrible mythical monsters: Kraken, Leviathan and other infamous creatures.Your ship – the pride and joy of any freebooter – can be customized in many ways. You are free to change almost everything – from the color of your flag and sails to the ship’s hull and figurehead. Of course, there are plenty of weapons to choose from for every battle, including cannons, mortars, flame throwers and so on. Also there are special tools ready to help you to rig the ship for any purpose. However, you can win the most valuable artifacts only by finishing the multilevel quests called “legends”.Good hunting.						