
							About This Content
							New Allies introduces the following new content for The King's Crusade:
						
						New Units
						
						Gascon Knights: These French knights bring both fame and infamy to the province of Gascony. They are great swordsmen, but are also boastful and reckless, and share an undying thirst for good wine.
						Ayyubid Bowmen: Infamous for their speed – and their ability to darken the sky with deadly arrows.
						Ayyubid Infantry: These well-equipped and swift footmen are amongst the most loyal followers of Saladin - who in return treats them most graciously.
						Ayyubid Swordsmen: These brave warriors fight with fierce determination. Their swords are of such legendary sharpness and strength that their name is well-known even in Europe.
						Archer Elite: After a series of devastating defeats, the commanders of the Crusader army formed these unique archer units. They fight like normal archers, but have received additional training, that they can readily defend themselves in hand-to-hand combat.
						Hungarian Light Cavalry: When Emperor Barbarossa passed through the Kingdom of Hungary, he personally asked the brother of the king to join his crusade. The young prince took up the cross and brought some of his best knights, who were anxious to confirm the legendary horsemanship of the Hungarians.
						
						
						New Heroes
						
						Taqi al-Din Umar: One of the trusted allies of Saladin, this veteran of the Saracen army has been fighting alongside his vizier since they first moved to reclaim the Saracen lands. He followed Saladin through all of the important battles for Egypt and Syria, where he excelled as one of bravest warriors on the field.
						Arthur of Brittany: The youngest son of a noble family in Brittany, Arthur immediately joined the Crusade and sailed forth with Richard the Lionheart. He fought so bravely in the battle for Cyprus that he earned frequent comparisons with his legendary namesake.
						
						
						Fanciful Content
						
						The Ghost of Godfrey of Toulouse: The brave Godfrey (one of the greatest heroes of the First Crusade) found no peace after his victorious siege of Jerusalem. His immortal spirit will haunt the roads around the city until the European kings once more reclaim the Holy Land.
						Saracens from Outer Space: They come from the forbidding depths of the blackest night! They strike terror into the hearts of all God-fearing Crusaders! These dread warriors are poised to ravage the armies of Lionheart! Who can stop this madness? Who will save us from this alien horror?!
						Joan d’Arc: This enigmatic warrior-woman from another time and place appeared in Jerusalem in a flash of blinding light. She claims that God had brought her here from far away, after he came to her in visions and instructed her to free the Holy Land. 
						Lancelot: He is known as King Arthur’s greatest champion, the most famous – and infamous – knight of the Round Table. Lancelot is celebrated for his extraordinary feats of strength, endurance and agility. None can defeat the mighty Sir Lancelot!
						
												