
							About This Game
							This is the story of Zipple, a frog warrior who must collect the objects scattered in his world of mazes and then bring them into the homes of her village.
To pass each level you have to transport a certain number of objects (scattered in the maze) in the houses of the village. All that by running, jumping and killing enemies.
There are various types of enemies of various species, and there are movable obstacles and bonuses falling from the sky. You can also kill enemies by jumping on them.
VERY IMPORTANT:
When you run you activate the God Mode which can kill enemies, but you can not shoot.
If a magic item falls into the void, it will be Game Over!
To catch the "magic boxes" just touch it to activate the elastic to the protagonist; then you have to drag these objects (with the label "TAKE") in the houses of the village (label "HOME").
The tents with label "DANGER" are the enemy bases.


Features:

3D dungeon maps! - Each maze is in 3D with ramps, descents and random climbs.

Enemies - Enemies follow the main character by moving and jumping. There are four enemy types, with different characteristics and speed.
Obstacles - With advancing levels will appear obstacles (rocks, etc.) which will hinder the journey of the protagonist. These obstacles can be moved and placed wherever you want. Bonuses are obstacles that can kill enemies with a magical aura.
Unlimited levels - The game is practically infinite, the number of levels is unlimited and therefore the real challenge is to make as many points as possible to become a legend.

Multiple game modes - You can select various game options, including the camera, game difficulty levels, the number of enemies and their speed. All this to offer an even richer gameplay.

Full game statistics - The game saves the complete statistics of the game in progress, including the score, time played, enemies destroyed, blocks filled, jumps, levels completed, levels failed etc. In this way, lovers of statistics will have even more pleasure in playing.

Full game rankings - The game will store up to 100 high scores with its partial statistics. This will make real the challenge to become a legend !! 

Full procedural generation, exploration and discovery - Each level is generated procedurally with the algorithm of construction of random ‘Dungeon’. Even the main character, enemies, blocks and everything are placed and constructed randomly. In this way, the game is always unpredictable and dynamics are always unknown.

Fight and strategy - In each level there are the bases from which the enemies will appear. These enemies will follow you to kill you. This way to overcome the levels you’ll also face fierce fighting from enemy waves.

Incremental difficulty - With the advancement in the levels, these become ever larger and increasingly difficult mazes. It also increases the number of enemies and the number of blocks present and to save. In this way, with the advancement in the game becomes more difficult and challenging to become a
legend!						