
							About This Game
							Heliborne seeks to introduce players to rotary-wing aviation and combat. Players will have the ability to fly a number of helicopters from the 60's forward in to the year 2000 across a wide range of maps and in a wide range of mission scenarios. Players will be able to take part in a dynamic battlefield where they support the movement of ground forces that fortify positions and create supply-lines.Heliborne offers a new type of "Zone" Capture as one of it's core game-play concepts. Troops carried by certain helicopters must be landed at, and deployed to a landing zone. These troops fortify the zone, and in some game modes, defend a base until ground re-enforcements arrive.Current FeaturesUpdated simul-lite/arcade hybrid flight model that models over 70 different aspects of flight per helicopter.Our Flight model melds the best of both worlds, and while being updated regularly, is in a state that we are very happy with. This includes momentum and inertia dynamics. This system will be expanded on with more realistic flight dynamics as the project grows.41 Helicopter, Each with multiple weapons load-outsThe load-outs for each of our helicopters is based entirely on weapons systems that they would have, or did employ in active combat theaters and operations. You wont see a weapons loadout on our helicopters that is not historically accurate.4 Major Mission Maps - Including Operation Nguyen Hue, Afghanistan, the Gulf of Tonkin in Vietnam, and KosovoAll of our maps are "based" on historical conflicts and conflict locations.2 Principle Game modes - Including standard skirmish, and Frontline mode that's currently exclusive to Operation Nguyen HueSkirmish mode is currently active on Afghanistan and Gulf of Tonkin and offers standard capture the flag gameplay. Operation Nguyen Hue offers the first glimpse at "Frontline" mode. As bases are captured by players, ground vehicles spawn in convoys and move across the map to fortify bases and positions.Multiple AI controlled ground units in skirmish and Front-line modeTanks, Troop Carriers, and Anti-Aircraft Artillery vehicles make up the current roster of ground vehicles in Heliborne, more are planned.Airborne Troops that can be deployed anywhere on the mapMANPADS or "Man-Portable Air Defense system"  are just some of the "deploy-able" ground units that players can place anywhere, on any map. Not all helicopters carry these soldiers. Those that can, add a new level to the dynamic battlefield.Three Classes of Helicopter from Attack, to Air-Assault, and ReconnaissanceScout Helicopters are small, fast, and may or may not carry a small amount of soldiers. Attack Helicopters carry no troops and are dedicated to air-to-air or air-to-ground operations. Air-Assault helicopters typically carry a mix of troops and weapons and can fill multiple roles in combat.Three Historical Tiers of Rotary Wing Aviation from 1950 to 2000Helicopters are widely considered to have "Come of Age" during the Vietnam conflict, and over the following decades, helicopters have become integral to our very way of life. We seek to showcase Rotary wing aviation as it's evolved over four decades of conflict, support, and development.						