
							About This Game
							Enter a world of steampunk and magic by experiencing the debut title of the Trulon series. The adventure RPG is based on a new novel from Jak Koke, an award-winning author who is known from the best-selling Shadowrun trilogy, The Dragon Heart Saga. Featuring a unique card combat system that combines traditional deck management with random elements, the tactics are intuitively activated using over 50 cards in an easy to play way. This makes both RPG veterans and new players feel immediately at home.Unravel the threads of an insidious plot and meet many multi-faceted characters. Led by the enchanting Gladia, you take control of four characters with different abilities each. They team up to adventure through the Trulon Universe where a mysterious disease has spread through the kingdoms of Tripudia and Maelon. Using magical tactics, they try to survive the action packed battles against enemies mutated by magic and exciting steampunk machines.To let you enjoy the atmospheric music of the game beyond the game, its soundtrack will be included as a free download.FEATURESFirst spin-off story from the original Trulon novelBeautiful setting featuring a mix of steampunk and JRPG Unique card combat system with a deep strategyBattle enemies using a collection of over 50 unique cardsFour unique playable characters with individual strengths and play stylesOver a hundred multi-faceted NPCs to interact withSolve challenging puzzlesThe package contains the complete soundtrack as well as two bonus tracksFirst sketches of the game world already showed up in 2007, before game designer Johan Lillbacka got in touch with Jak Koke for writing a novel placed in the Trulon universe. That novel, ‘Shadow Gears’, will be released in 2016 as well. After the universe was set, Johan developed the stories of different characters for his game. He always loved sci-fi and fantasy, so the result was a beautiful setting featuring a mix of steampunk and JRPG, with fantastic machines that run on magical energy.						