
							About This Game
							Ultimate Arena is a competitive first person shooter arena game.
Compete against other players online to prove your worth, wielding a loadout of 12 brutal weapons and wrecking total havoc within the arenas! 
Control health, armor and weapon pickups throughout the map to gain an advantage against your foes.

Prepare to frag like you never have! 


Weapons 
------------- 
Gauntlet 
You spawn with it. This short ranged melee blade will hack and prune anyone dumb enough to get too close up and personal. 

Pistol 
You spawn with it. The long range and moderate firing rate will allow you to pick off enemies at both medium and long distances, providing they don't overtake you with heavier firepower. Secondary fire uses ice charges which are able to temporary freeze opponents, bogging them down. 

Shotgun 
The pump action shotgun inflicts considerable damage at close range. 

Double Shotgun 
Slower than the pump action shotgun but twice as deadly at close range. 

Assault Rifle 
A special hybrid automatic rifle which peppers foes with 16mm rounds even at long range without ever having the need to reload. Lethal if you have an accurate aim. 

Shredder 
This unique and nasty tool fires a pair of circular blades in quick succession. You can ricochet them off walls and slice foes who are out of your line of sight. 

Rocket Launcher 
Blow stuff up. Solve problems. 

Grenade Launcher 
This particular model is able to detonate your grenades at any given moment by using secondary fire. 

Laser Prism 
The electric beam is able to harm targets at medium range. Your accuracy will determine the outcome of the fight. 

Plasma Cannon 
Designed to sweep large areas with plasma projectiles. You'll need to properly predict the enemies movement in order to get the best out of this weapon. 

Gas Rifle 
This thing spews foulness all over the place. Good for crowd control. The low damage is heavily compensated by the large area of effect. 

Crossbow 
Primary fire shoots deadly bolts at high speed. Secondary fire also consumes electricity ammo but allows higher range and damage by using electrified arrows.						