
							About This Game
							Quar: Battle for Gate 18 is a turn-based strategic VR experience set in the grimmsical world of Alwyd!It seems the Quar have always been at war. When the first wandering clans of insect gatherers built their low, mud-walled buildings, it was as much to keep out other Quar as the wild animals. As they first learned to make tools to get food, they quickly learned to make tools to defend themselves. The mud walls quickly became fortified citadels, and then city-states. In five thousand years of civilization, the constants of their culture have been the changing of the seasons and the threat of war.For the last 700 years the Quar have been waging The Long War to a bloody stalemate that has wracked their world. But the balance of power is shifting and Alykinder’s Crusade is attempting to end The Long War by conquering all the Quar nations. This game takes you to one battle in one theater of The Long War: the Battle for Gate 18 between the Crusader Army and the Royalist Coftyran Crymuster.Command cavalry to sweep the enemy's flanks. Send Baeliog armored tractors forward to shatter hardened defenses. Your rhyflers are armed with weapons ranging from the humble Bogen rifle to heavy-automatic shotguns. Rely on your stalwart officers to keep up your troop's morale and to call in deadly airstrikes. But above all, preserve the honor of your cause as you wage the Battle for Gate 18!Features Based on the award winning Table Top Game system "This Quar's War" by http://zombiesmith.com Turn-based VR Combat! Over 6 hours of unique game play. More than 12 levels in which to fight for the Crusader cause! From lonely outposts in the woods, to trenches, to the dead of night and finally culminating in the epic battle of Gate 18 itself! 18 different friendly and enemy units! From infantry to cavalry and armored tractors to snipers and heavy-automatic shotguns! Get up close and walk around the game units "life size" in the Quarpedia. Learn about their historical uses, stats and in-game abilities. Listen to and read the letters of a Quar soldier on the front lines to his young cousin back home. A living, breathing upgradeable base fully populated with Quar troops going about their business! Upgrade your mechanic's bay for better tractors. Upgrade the mess hall (and its chow!) for better morale and get that hanger built so you can call in air-strikes! Interact with your units from a god's eye view or shrink yourself down to Quar size to see the action first hand! Part of the fun of VR is playing with scale. In Quar: Battle for Gate 18 walk around the entire battlefield with Quar the size of toys or stand beside them in the trenches! Room-scale Vive support with support for other VR and non-VR platforms in the future!						