
							About This Game
							Shoot. Die. Repeat.** Newsflash **As part of the Early Access release, ARENA will include the ARENA League. All players that sign up to Early Access will be entitled to compete as part of the ARENA League and there will be Prizes up for grabs for the top players.ARENA is an on going solo development from one man team MBSquared Entertainment and aims to be a collection of fast paced Arcade Game Modes set within a seamless world bursting with colour and vibrant audio. New features are being added all the time and currently two game modes are playable,Exosphere - Top down view, twin stick shooter. Prepare for Fireworks. This game play is the love child of Geometry Wars™ and Super Stardust™ DeltaFathom - Stealth based with no weapons, skill and strategy are your ally here. This would be the Pac-Man™ nightmare. Jump scares aheadUpcoming game modes that are currently in development,Commander - 1st Person Turret defence. Take control of powerful weaponry to defeat your opponents, but you'll most likely die trying.Velocity - High speed racing. Take to the track and pump up the velocity. 3 Dimensions make for mind bending coursesStranded - 3rd Person Flying Combat. Fully fledge space based combat. Skill and accuracy will help you master ARENA's skiesOther features which are already included with ARENA,Leaderboards ARENA is fully integrated with Steam Leaderboards so that you can keep track of not only your score, but your friend's too. Come back to your favourite levels time and time again and see how close you can reach the topAchievements There are many to collect, each with their own unique in-game Medal to view. Who can be first to unlock them all...As this is a solo development, and also a first time game for MBSquared Entertainment, progress can be a little slow at times and extras features such as Multiplayer and Dock (where you can customise your game play with the stars you collect) will be added at a later date and most likely be a part of the final release.						