
							About This Game
							Hero Generations: ReGen is an innovative and award-winning Roguelike/4X Strategy game where every turn is one year of your life. It’s been called “the offspring of Sid Meier's Civilization, Jason Rohrer's Passage, and The Legend of Zelda."Explore, find a mate, build a home, and raise a child before you die to keep your legacy going. Hero Generations is simple yet deep: 4X Strategy on the individual level. Each turn is a meaningful choice, without the tedious micromanagement.THE ULTIMATE REMAKEReGen is an amazing complete remake, redesigned and packed with 100s of new features. Powered by the Unity Game Engine, you'll experience a blazing-fast framerate, all-new high resolution graphics, and a massive single-screen Overworld with no loading between areas. Experience all-new quests, battle to the new end-game, and compete with your friends on all-new Steam leaderboards. Also includes a bonus 36-page art book PDF!LIMITED LIFESPAN AND PERMADEATHEach move equals one year of your hero's life. Think carefully about how you spend the hero's time. Explore the world for fame and fortune, but make sure to find a mate before it's too late! GENERATIONS, MATING, AND HAVING CHILDRENFind a mate, start a family, have a child. Then take control of that child in that same world! Choosing the right mate is key, as inheritable traits (special abilities) make your child more powerful and prepared. EXPANSIVE OVERWORLDEach world is procedurally generated with towns, forests, ancient ruins, heroes, and more. Discover all 6 unique Biomes (Forest, Desert, Meadow, Island, Swamp, and Volcano) through a giant overworld map. 6 STRATEGIC PATHSChoose your path to greatness. Gain victory through Strength, Love, Exploration, Wealth, Fame, or Building. CITY CRAFTING SYSTEMConstruct any of 19 legacy lasting buildings next to towns to give future generations useful resources, powerful new abilities, and more attractive mates! Experiment with different combinations to craft amazing secret town cultures, like the Castle, Dark Cathedral, or Fortress! MEANINGFULA surprising and thought-provoking experience, that explores themes of death, legacy, family, love, and more. A Gorgeous hand drawn art style creates an exciting and unique fantasy setting.OTHER KEY FEATURES- Massive Tech Tree.- Tons of items, character traits, buildings, enemies, and quests, including end-game, generational events, and a giant final boss.- Online Leaderboards and Achievements.- Fast frame rate, crisp high resolution graphics, particle effects, and animations powered by the Unity Game Engine.						