
							About This Content
							This Hired Sword is a new Hero-type unit that can be recruited to further customize your roster. The Wolf-Priest of Ulric is available for the Sisters of Sigmar and the Human Mercenaries.Ulric is the god of wolves, war and winter. In some of the Northern provinces, he is venerated even above Sigmar by peasants and nobles alike. Those who enter his priesthood are fierce and hardened men, embodying the primal nature of their god. Grim warriors in their own right, these Priests are able to instill in their comrades the cold howl of Ulric, inspiring them to feats of bravery and savagery.The Wolf-Priest of Ulric has access to a unique new set of skills and spells:Active skillsWild Swipe: A melee attack that deals regular damage to enemies in an arc and cannot be parried. Only usable with Great Weapons. Crush the Weak: A melee attack that deals regular damage. If hit, the target gains a debuff that reduces Critical Resistance.Alpha Howl: Increases Initiative and Charge/Ambush range of allies around the Skill User.Passive skillsHeart of the Wolf: Increases the chance to pass All Alone, Fear, Terror, and Leadership tests.Ulric’s Chosen: Increases Spellcasting chance and Critical Hit Damage.Ulric’s Fury: After dealing melee Damage, Spell Damage increases. Northern Tenacity: After dealing melee damage, Critical Resistance increases.Magic SpellsUlric's Gift: Increases melee Hit chance and melee Damage. Grants immunity to All Alone. Prevents the use of Flee, Disengage, and ranged attacks and skills.Wild Pack: Grants immunity to Fear and provokes Fear on engaged enemies, reducing melee Hit chance.Howl of the Wolf: Reduces the cost of Charge. When another ally is engaged with the same enemy, increases melee Hit chance and Critical hit chance.Winter's Chill: Enemies engaged with target receive a debuff that reduces melee Hit chance and melee Damage.Snow King's Decree: When target performs a melee or ranged attack, inflicts damage to itself. Priests of Ulric are immune.Ice Storm: Deals damage and reduces maximum and current Offense Points.Frost's Bite: Deals damage and reduces maximum Strategy Points. Bypasses Armour Absorption.Blessing of Ulric: Increases Melee Critical hit chance and Critical damage.The Wolf-Priest of Ulric can also have access to the “Righteous Fury”, “Divine Aegis” and “Absolute Faith” Warband Skills of the Sisters of Sigmar and the “Guard Stance” Warband Skill of the Mercenaries. 						