
							About This Content
							This is the extraordinary and phenomenal soundtrack for A Legend of Luca! Created by the one and only Depard, a mysterious latvian composer named Alex.

The soundtrack features extreme, aggressive, energetic and powerful Latvian Alternative Rock Metal tracks. All tracks have an extremely progressive mood.

Includes the following 11 tracks!

A Legend of Luca - 01 - Depard - Retro Soldiers - Title Theme
A Legend of Luca - 02 - Depard - Still Something - Level 1
A Legend of Luca - 03 - Depard - Getting Faster - Level 2
A Legend of Luca - 04 - Depard - Yasuo - Level 3
A Legend of Luca - 05 - Depard - To Be Epic - Level 4
A Legend of Luca - 06 - Depard - This Can't Be The End - Level 5
A Legend of Luca - 07 - Depard - Step Off - Boss Fight - Silenus, Lord of Drunkenness
A Legend of Luca - 08 - Depard - Afterlife - Boss Fight - Mors, Personification of Death
A Legend of Luca - 09 - Depard - Hope - Boss Fight - Dīs Pater, Chthonic of Riches
A Legend of Luca - 10 - Depard - Catch Me - Boss Fight - Vulcan, God of Fire
A Legend of Luca - 11 - Depard - Something Special - Game Over

The Retro Soldiers title theme song for A Legend of Luca is an energetic, inspiring, catchy experimental alternative rock + 8 bit track. The track has the typical 8 Bit character but with a modern touch. It really has that vintage game feeling.

Something Special is an extreme, energetic, powerful, hardcore and catchy alternative rock track. True rock song with a powerful, distorted guitar riffs, heavy drums, driving pace, and blow-your-socks-off energy! But have no fear; the melody is still catchy and memorable, making the music unforgettable.

Still Something starts with a growing heavy guitar riff and continues with active, high-powered, dynamic drum beat and bass sound.

The soundtrack features extreme, aggressive, energetic and powerful Latvian Alternative Rock Metal tracks. All tracks have an extremely progressive mood.

Used instruments: Electric guitar, drums, bass, pads, 8bit chipsounds, synths.						