
							About This Game
							Welcome to the Auto Age The year is 2080. America lies in ruins. Bands of militarized motorists work to keep the peace in the east. Wheeled gangs rule the western wastes. A mysterious voice crackles through the static of radio relays, beckoning travelers into the desert canyons of the Dead Zone. Choose your side and speed full throttle into a deadly game of ruthless car combat soaked in '80s Saturday morning cartoon style. Will you rally behind SAIGE and Val Vega to fight for a better future, or seek total domination with the evil Dark Jaw and his ragtag Jawlings?Team-Based Car CombatHurl headlong into the chaos of eight-player online combat, buckle up for classic couch co-op, or even do both. With Auto Age: Standoff's versatile split-screen play, you and three other friends can skirmish privately or team up together in online battles.Pimp Your RideIn a high-tech world of lowlifes, you'll need every advantage you can get. Choose your chassis and gear up with powerful weaponry and the latest gadgets, including missile launchers, ramming plates, mines, boosters, and more.14+ vehicles including light, medium, heavy and tower classes12+ weapons and gadgetsMultiple Modes of MayhemFire up classic Deathmatch combat (free-for-all and team-based) and rampage across five wasteland maps, or battle for control of the SAIGE Welcome Center in Base Assault mode where coordination and strategy is king.1980 Meets 2080Get hooked on our retro-future dashboard mixtape and soundtrack where synthwave and guitar-shredding fuel your quest for vehicular destruction.Mixtape tracks by:  20Six Hundred, Skull Fist, Stilz, and TWRP.Underscore by: Jim Guthrie and JJ IpsenTheme song by: Matthew ReidThe Road AheadWe’re constantly updating our Public Roadmap as the game continues development, testing and polish. Our plan is to focus on Deathmatch and Base Assault for launch, and introduce new content to grow alongside the community.We welcome your feedback on our Steam forum or our Discord channel.						