
							About This Software
							Write a Better CV. Get a Better Job!

CV Maker makes writing professional curriculum vitae easy. We provide all the tools you need to write a high quality CV that will get the attention of hiring managers. Our career experts track the latest trends in job and talent search practices. We can help you write a CV you can use to apply for jobs and share on social media.

Sample CVs for Nearly Every Career
No more writer’s block or wondering what you should say and how you should say it. View sample CVs, resumes, and phrases written by professional CV writers to help and inspire you to write the perfect CV that showcases your unique career experience.

Career Tools to Land a Dream Job
CV Maker has powerful tools to help you land your dream job. Create CVs and cover letters, share your CV via e-mail and social media, and search for jobs and prepare for interviews. You’ll have all the tools you need for a complete job search.

Virtual Interviews by Career Experts
Watch virtual interviews to get ready to respond to the leading interview questions asked by hiring managers. Select from an additional 500 interview questions and answers. Learn the rationale behind the questions hiring managers ask and what they expect from the best job candidates.

Search Millions of Jobs with 1-Click
CV Maker makes it easy to search jobs fast. Be the first to find new jobs and never miss a new opportunity. Search millions of jobs through multiple job sites with a single click to locate hundreds of job openings in your search area. Filter criteria for keywords, job title, type of company, and more.

Why CV Maker?

Fast and Easy
Professional Results
Expert CV Advice
Social Media Tools
Advanced Job Search
Interview Practice
Organize Your Job Search
Easy to Use
Step-by-Step CV Guide
Import Your LinkedIn Profile
200+ of Sample CVs
Sample Cover Letters
E-mail and Print
Share on LinkedIn, Facebook and Twitter
Search Millions of Jobs
Virtual Interviews						