
							About This Game
							With the death of your eccentric aunt, you have been left the once famous Moonstone Tavern. Unfortunately the tavern has seen better days. With only two functioning rooms, crumbling architecture, and an ever-diminishing reputation there is plenty of room for improvement. Can you turn this dilapidated ruin into a thriving business? In a fantasy world filled with cunning wizards, tricky elves, cat obsessed gnomes, grumpy dwarves, and sad fairies it certainly isn’t going to be easy, especially if you want them all to stay happy under one roof. If you are going to make a go of it there is a lot to do: staff to hire, meals to cook, ingredients to forage, quests to undertake, and gods to appease. Yet if you can survive the brutal world that surrounds you there is definitely a profit to be made!FEATURES:•	Repair, renovate, and decorate the dilapidated tavern. •	Build specialist rooms for humans, elves, fairies, gnomes, orcs, and dwarves. •	Build undersea 'beds' for the Merfolk!•	Hire cooks, priests, foragers, and heroes to help improve your tavern. •	Forage hundreds of real world items. •	Craft hundreds of items including weapons, armours, potions, scrolls, and genetimage equipment. •	Collect and breed over 50  colletable creatures to keep as pets.•	Find and ride the mystical, pink unipony!•	Interact with hundreds of unique guests with stories, rumours, and suggestions for your tavern! •	Assemble a team of heroes and mages to help you on adventures.•	Choose from 10 starting characters and from six different fantasy class types including druid, witch hunter, and gunlord.•	An involved weapon and magic system with wands, swords, guns, and spells!•	Settle into your new life by getting married and having a child.•	Invest in the local Arena - watch battles and bet on fights.•	Dynamic seasons with day and night system. •	Undertake quests to improve your tavern’s renown, find paintings to hang and specialist food to serve. Raid the castles of dark mages for supplies, loot dragon hordes for gold, and seek out lost shrines to please the gods.•	Explore a handcrafted world and visit the undercity of the gnomes, a bustling human port, and the dark village of the elves. •	Choose a god to worship and gain special powers and bonuses for your tavern. •	Take part in a non-compulsory, rpg storyline that will place you and your tavern at the centre of a plague, and amidst a magical war that threatens to overcome the three kingdoms!						