
							About This Game
							ROKH is a futuristic survival game, deeply rooted in scientific and realistic anticipation. Players will have to work together to overcome the many threats they will have to face on planet Mars.Playing on public or private persistent servers, you will experience a true sandbox experience. No mission or quest here, define your own goals according to your own needs! And to succeed, find your own way to play with the many game systems available.As a newcomer on ROKH, you must find ways to survive by exploring Mars in your basic astronaut suit, looking for resources. Oxygen, food, water, temperatures and radiations – all your life support systems will have to be cautiously managed. Build your base alone or with your crew to have a better chance of living the big life on this hostile planet. Crafting items will allow you to spend more time outside and protect yourself. Trade with other players and do your best to maintain peace; you would not want to fight with your fellows in such a hostile environment.Early Access Key FeaturesUNIQUE SETTINGExplore Mars, a beautiful and hostile planet, and make it your home. From the majestic dunes to the frightening and deep valleys, you will visit different biomes and memorable locations to find live saving resources. But don’t stay out too long. Mars can be more deadly than a rifle gun should you get lost in a sandstorm or stuck outside on a frozen night. Don’t be surprised to discover crash sites and abandoned bases, you’ll soon learn more about what happened to the first Mars colonists.PERSISTENT SURVIVAL OF THE FITTEST… OR SMARTESTMake sure that each and every one of your moves serves one goal: survive! You will need oxygen, food and water, and you will have to protect yourself from heat, cold, radiation, injuries and so on.Mars offers you some easily accessible resources, but you will have to be agile and creative to access the rest of them.CRAFT AND BUILDOur crafting system is based on a deep modularity, instead of classic blueprints: devices, tools and weapons are craftable and customizable according to your play style, but first and foremost serve your needs. Build a smart shelter by making sure your pipe system can welcome future add-ons. Master the pressurization of your habitat to optimize your resources. Some crafted devices can be socketed in your walls to give extra capabilities to your base: automated tasks, heavier defense systems, survivability, comfort and more.FRIENDS OR FOES, PLAY WITH OTHERS.Join forces with your friends to combine and increase your efficiency. Play on private or public servers. Trade with other friendly crews to continue developing your own ecosystem. But it’s up to you. You’re free to decide to be an aggressive lonesome settler.Upcoming Key Features Completely craftable vehicles In-game programming system Hacking system Deep space suit upgrading system Food growth system  Community events						