
							About This Game
							ANNIE AMBER – A LIFE CAPTURED AS A VR PUZZLE GAMEWHEN VIRTUAL REALITY LETS YOU FEEL A (VIRTUAL) REAL LIFEAnnie Amber is a VR puzzle game that leads you on an intense and dreamy journey through the life of a person condensed in a surreal and poetic experience. With innovative controls, AA makes you explore this strange and beautiful scenery that is life itself while using your wit to make your way through different memories. LIFE IS POETRY, SO IS ANNIE AMBERBut the life of Annie Amber isn’t told you in a plain way. Memories are symbolic, fragmented and complex, so the journey will be full of subtle beauty and poetry. Through sad and powerful piano tracks, youwill solve puzzles that will slowly unlock Annie Amber’s memories. The result is a game as minimalistic as intense: overwhelmed by huge celestial bodies, we will get to know and understand Annie Amber (fictional character) as if she were a close friend of us. USE YOUR MOTION CONTROLLERS!Annie Amber is meant to be player with motion controllers. Use them to travel and interact with the environment and the puzzle elements. On the other hand, if you don't have motion controllers you can still play the game activating the mode without motion controllers. This innovative system matches the minimalistic and subtle approach of the whole game, while enhancing the immersion of the player. With no external controllers at all (aside from your hands or your head), the player will be a silent explorer while also being able of experiencing VR at its fullest. WELCOME TO VIRTUAL REALITYThe universality of its narrative and the accessibility of its innovative controlling system make Annie Amber not only a product for all kinds of audience, but also an excellent introduction to virtual reality and videogames. A whole new world of possibilities is about to emerge from this technology, and Annie Amber is a beautiful and intuitive way of embracing it for the first time while also being good enough for VR pros.						