
							About This Game
							Grotesque Tactics 2: Dungeons & Donuts is the successor to the celebrated RPG-parody Grotesque Tactics. Experience an ironic story-driven RPG with humorous dialogue-puzzles in the style of Monkey Island as well as a strategic combat system, where your party members are controlled simultaneously. 						Our story starts as the citizens of the Kingdom of Glory celebrate their victory over the Dark Church. While in the catacombs of their former enemies, their revelry is disturbed by a sudden all-encompassing fog. The citizens wrapped by the fog disappear screaming into nothing. Those that remain alive after the strange attack, barricade themselves in the depths of the catacombs.  As time passes, food becomes scarce and the people of the Kingdom of Glory begin to realize that they might all meet their demise.  The ‘heroic’ Knights of Glory, shady mercenaries and the arrogant high elves band together into guilds in order to survive and escape the dank catacombs.   Unfortunately, the guilds are far too concerned with their distaste for each other and are oblivious to the awakening of dark forces in the dungeons below…						Key features:						 Experience the thrilling, deadly and sometimes humorous turn-based combat.						 Join up with comrades-in-arms and create your own guild to help defeat the mighty bosses.						 Play babysitter as you alleviate conflict amongst your party, so they attack the enemy and not each other.						 Each guild member has a talent tree to improve and specialize their skills after your advancements.						 You can choose from three different factions; the High Elves, the Mercenary Guild or the Kingdom of Glory.						 Each faction has an alternate ending depending on decisions made in the game.						 The story pokes fun at the RPG genre and popular games, such as Oblivion, Gothic and LOTR.						 Become a successful Guild Master by collecting gold and improving your reputation.						 Food is rare and has become the new currency - collect food, learn to cook and woo survivors to your side with delicious meals such as hippie grub, spider salami, or the zombie cocktail!						 Different levels of difficulty make sure that both beginners and experts will enjoy the game.												