
							About This Game
							Note: This game requires a high end GeForce GTX GPU and CPU – please ensure you meet the system requirements below before downloadingStep right up to VR Funhouse, and enter a virtual carnival full of fun and games.  Set targets ablaze with flaming arrows.  Test your skill shooting skeet.  See how many moles you can whack, and much more.  VR Funhouse combines virtual reality, cutting-edge NVIDIA VRWorks graphics, and advanced NVIDIA GameWorks effects to deliver a new level of interactive gameplay and immersion.Key FeaturesVR Funhouse features seven mini-games set in a virtual carnival environment!Test your skill shooting targets with a pair of pistols at the Shooting Gallery or take aim at moving targets shot from a skeet cannon.  Splatter clowns with squirt guns and green goo, or break out a bow and fiery arrows to shoot targets up in flames.  Mole Boxing and Whack-A-Mole features zany, smiley moles.  You can’t wait to knock’em silly. VR Funhouse takes advantage of advanced NVIDIA VRWorks graphics features to improve performance and maximize image quality:VR SLI enables two GPUs to work in parallel to render graphics, with one GPU rendering the right eye and one GPU rendering the left eye.  Combined with a 3rd GPU for PhysX, VR Funhouse brings both amazing graphics and physics fun.  VRWorks Multi-res Shading speeds up performance in VR Funhouse by intelligently rendering full detail only where your eyes can see it. NVIDIA GameWorks adds immersive and interactive effects never before seen in VR: PhysX Destruction generates pervasive destruction that lets you see your impact on the environment.NVIDIA FleX Fluids demonstrate realistic liquid when players blast a clown with goo.  Flow enables realistic, volumetric fire simulation when you light your arrow on fire and shoot it from your bow.NVIDIA Flow enables realistic, volumetric fire simulation when you light your arrow on fire and shoot it from your bow.NVIDIA HairWorks simulates and renders realistic hair and fur.VR Funhouse ModsPlay new mods for VR Funhouse including Big Top, Great Moles of Fire, Super Whack-A-Mole, Tommy Gun and Zero Gravity GooVR Funhouse Mod Kit & Source CodeDownload and use the VR Funhouse Mod Kit to create your own mods and share them with the community.Upload your mods to Steam Workshop for the community to enjoy.The VR Funhouse Mod Kit comes complete with artwork, assets and blueprintsCompatible HardwareVR Funhouse is compatible only with select GeForce GTX Graphics cards and HTC Vive headsets. Please see below for recommended configurations per quality setting:We recommend installing GeForce Game Ready Driver version 372.70 for the best experience.Low Graphics SettingGeForce GTX 1070GeForce GTX 1060GeForce GTX 980TiMedium Graphics SettingGeForce GTX 1080High Graphics SettingGeForce GTX 1080 or greater*GeForce GTX 980Ti in SLI or greater**Dedicated PhysX card: GTX 980Ti or greaterCompatible VR HMD: HTC Vive						