
							About This Game
							Step behind the periscope of a German U-boat and take on the Allied Forces in famous battles across the vast Atlantic Ocean and Mediterranean Sea.						The best-selling submarine series of all time continues with the highly anticipated Silent Hunter: Battle of the Atlantic. For the first time, you can live the life of a submarine captain from a first-person view as you lead your crew in a truly dynamic campaign.						Put on the captain’s uniform For the first time, walk through highly detailed submarines, access every part of your U-boat, and manage your crew in the new first-person view.						Become a real leader Directly command your crew and experience the tension and fear inside the U-boat through the new advanced order system.						Test your war strategies Choose your own strategy and select your targets with a new objective-driven, dynamic campaign.						Make the enemy react to you Open new locations, upgrades and resupply possibilities, while the Allied ships adjust dynamically to your approach. Your actions will directly impact the evolution of the campaign.						Accessibility Enhanced Prowl the waters with a brand-new user interface. Now, every beginner can successfully command a sub free of confusion. In expert mode, experienced players will be provided with all the necessary information and controls to command the sub completely on their own.						Cinematic Experience Experience the most realistic and immersive Silent Hunter ever created. Improved environment graphics create a powerful level of immersion as you operate authentic, highly detailed U-boats and surface ships.						Multiplayer Mode Play in cooperative or adversarial modes in scripted and generated missions.						About the Franchise						Silent Hunter is the most award-winning submarine series of all time, with nearly 1.5 million sold copies worldwide. Silent Hunter®: Wolves of the Pacific was voted 2007's "simulation game of the year" by PC Gamer.						Click here to find all Silent Hunter games on Steam.						