
							About This Game
							Created by a dad and his 11 year old son, Best Buds is a 2D run'n'gun where you'll have to team up and battle the foul creations of Doctor Jushaan’s twisted genius and escape from his digital prison dimension. Travel to 11 different worlds, all presented in classic 16-bit style, with a catchy chip-tune soundtrack and lots of over-the-top weapons!A varied and imaginative arcade platformer, full of blasting action and a whole lot of exploring to uncover secrets and hidden areas!Discover special power-ups such as tanks, skateboards, mine carts, TNT, giant-buds, mini-buds, banana napalm, donuts of death and many more!Equip insanely powerful, silly, and just plain deadly weapons to defeat the evil army and gain access to new areas. Equip shrink-rays, lasers, ice-cream blasters, buzzsaw guns, homing missiles, and more!Gigantic evil bosses and over 100 varied enemies to fight, many fresh from the imagination of an eleven year-old boy.11 different worlds, pixelated in 16-bit Arcade machine style, with plenty of modern touches including detailed background animation, multi-layered parallax, weather and special effects.Replay the game with a whole new level of challenge in REPLAY+ mode.Since this is a Super Icon game, there are plenty of references to classic games, such as Ghosts ’n Goblins, Green Beret, Bionic Commando, Black Tiger, and loads more!Sometimes the ideas for the most addictive games don't come from traditional sources, like brainstorming meetings of development teams. Instead, they just pop up organically. That is the case here, Best Buds vs Bad Guys is a 2D run ’n’ gun from a game developer Dad and his 11 year old son, with a special message behind it. Richard and Lucas both have a love of classic pixel art games, and always wanted to develop a game of this genre together."We call each other 'best bud', and really wanted to create a game together. We both love classic pixel art games; exploring and discovering cool stuff, shooting lots of nasties! So from there the concept was born, a game about teamwork, battling bad guys and using stupidly powerful weapons and power-ups to do it. A game about good over evil and about friendship, overcoming difficulties, and kicking bad-guy butt!""We wanted to create an authentic retro experience which draws upon Lucas' imaginative ideas for enemies and levels and my admiration & love of classic 80s/early 90s arcade machine games like Contra, Ghosts ’n Goblins, Green Beret, Mega Man, Bionic Commando and more."THE BAD GUYSWe love themed enemies and themed levels; and this is on full display in Best Buds! Each enemy and boss has been lovingly crafted to have a distinct look, theme, and personality.And we love variety and diversity too - so that's why we pixelated over 100 of them, Nasty!						