
							About This Game
							Game InfoTitle: Pastelia StoriesDeveloper: Maru Project Develop TeamGenre: JRPGPlaytime: 10～30 hours (Would expend after upgrates)StorylineYou will take a role of an ordinary person, but once, something entered your dream and sent you to the unknown world. In that world you will have a mission, and this mission to save this world.Featuring- Combination of traditional and innovational RPG systems, which grants high degree of play style flexibility- Early Access version of the game have over 400,000 words worth of dialogs and story, full version of the game will have over 1 million words!(In Chinese)- More than 30 companions in Early Access version and more than 60 companions in Full version of the game!- Love story lines: currently there just a few story lines and no CG, but we will add more in future. Most characters could fall in love with both male and female.- Combat system is easy to learn, but hard to master.- Hundreds of skill combinations and randomly generated equipment- In future will be available Steam trading cards, achievements, emoji, etc.From “Pastelia Stories” developerAfter 2 years working on this project alone, game is finally online. Hard to tell that Maru Project Team is actually just 1 person. Who knows, maybe more people will join to Maru or it will remain 1 person. Recently one artist is cooperated with me, now we can be more productive.Thanks to all of those who intend to buy EA version of “Pastelia Stories”! Thanks to all of those who don’t mind to play a game without CG, with no Visual Effects and without completed animation! We will improve everything and add even more on top of this!  First things first, game is available to download now, this is good. Next step is improving art aspects of the game. During this stage, we will open test version to test our new art. At least we need to finish new OP, cut scenes and other transactions, by doing this we will improve gaming experience. Then we will work on characters’ facial expressions, characters design details, combat visual effects. Of course everything will be change according players’ feedback.  And many more other aspects of the game…So much stuff to do… Eh… Just give me some time hahaEnglish version and Japanese version are in progress. Because of lacking money(over 400,000 Chinese words need to be translated and may became 1 million in the future.), we have only Chinese now. Sorry for the inconvenience.						