
							About This Game
							Rogues Like Us combines hack ‘n slash combat with rogue-lite dungeon crawling into a fast-paced  adventure full of monsters, mayhem, and endless loot! Become a Rogue and make your way through procedural dungeons, fighting waves of enemy constructs and powerful bosses in an effort to survive increasingly dangerous dungeons and find the treasures hidden within.Dungeons are perilous and combat is fast-paced, forcing you to quickly react and adapt to whatever stands in your way. To overcome these dangers, you will need to obtain weapons, armor, and powerful gems called mage stones. Empower your weapon with these mage stones to gain unique stat boosts and effects that will change the way you approach combat, giving you the upper hand.There are many mysteries to be uncovered about the world of Rogues Like Us, centering around the Hub, a rough and rugged city built atop the ruins of an ancient civilization.FIGHT THROUGH PROCEDURALLY GENERATED DUNGEONSFight your way through an endless number of unique dungeons! Dungeons are created through a combination of hand-crafted design and procedural generation, providing a unique experience on each play-through.FIND YOUR COMBAT STYLEAll player stats, such as speed, damage, starting health, etc. are weapon specific. Giving each weapon that you find and use a unique feel and combat style.DISCOVER SECRETSExplore to find the secrets hidden within the dungeon. Learn about these wild lands and their connection to you and your home.EMPOWER YOUR WEAPONSA vast number of mage stones can be found that give your weapons unique effects. These effects must be activated in the dungeons by slaying enemies.EXPAND YOUR ARSENALNew weapons, armor, mage stones and more can be found in loot chests throughout the dungeons. Loot found in chests are kept safe at your base, allowing you to change your equipment between dungeon runs.BE ROGUISHLY HANDSOMEFully customize your look using armor and dyes you find throughout the dungeon.						