
							About This Content
							Monster Night PackBeware! Gar-O-Ween Resurrection is here! And this spooky time of the year Mutant Monster Gars are back to life, lurking in the deep dark waters! Can’t wait to go on a real Monster Hunt after some huge mutant Gars? But how well are you prepared for battling these scary beasts? No worries! With the limited edition Monster Night Pack we made sure that you get the maximum drive and excitement out of your Halloween fishing experience! These Mutant Gars may be frightfully fierce adversaries, but our Monster Night Pack features enough exclusive spooky tackle to make sure all underwater monsters are in for some REAL scares.Our exclusive Halloween edition fishing goodies like the creepy Purple Bat™ 23' Telescopic Rod, the bony SkeleHand™ 11' 5" Match Rod and the spookily powerful Ghost Reel™ 3000 and Ghost Reel™ 5000 feature delightfully scary design and unmatched monster fighting potential. To top it off, you also get some awesome creepy Halloween baits, night fishing Glow Bobbers, super strong braid & fluoro lines, and other cool stuff like our exclusive Halloween Coffin Case and the Iron Maiden Fish Stringer! If anything, this is sure to awaken your holiday spirit and help you land the horrendous mutant Gars this Gar-O-Ween, earn the freaky new Achievements and creepy prizes!Monster Night Pack is an absolute must have this Halloween! This super awesome DLC Pack includes:666 CREDITS use to purchase new tackle, pay for fishing trips, repairs and any other in-game expenses.13 BAITCOINS use to purchase advanced fishing tackle, available only for Baitcoins.Spend your Baitcoins wisely!7 DAYS OF PREMIUM Enjoy seven creepily fun days of Premium Status and advance your game progress by getting a 50% boost to Experience earned for every fish you catch!RODS ‘N REELS Halloween combos for some real Monster Gar fishing! Rods:SkeleHand™ 11' 5" Purple Bat™ 23'Reels:Ghost Reel™ 3000Ghost Reel™ 5000TERMINAL TACKLE - a selection of spooky Gar-O-Ween Monster baits and tackle that make your hair curl!Baits: Dead Mice, Animal’s Eyes and Rotten Minnows, Large Minnows, Crawfish, Large Cutbait.Bobbers: Glow Bobber (x2), Ball Bobber (x2)Hooks: Hook #1, Hook #1/0, Hook #2/0, Hook #3/0, Hook #4/0, Hook #6/0, Hook #7/0, Hook #8/0, Hook #10/0Lines: Fluoro .014", Fluoro .016", Fluoro .018", Fluoro .02", Braid .008", Braid .009", Braid .011"EQUIPMENT – Some valuable storage items to enjoy your Halloween experience to the fullest!FishCabin M PlusCoffin Case rod storageFISHING LICENSES (7 days):Advanced North Carolina LicenseAdvanced Missouri LicenseAdvanced Florida License						