
							About This Software
							What is J.A.C.K.?J.A.C.K. (Just Another Creation Kit; previously known as Jackhammer) is a brand new level editor for games with a Quake-style BSP architecture. The aim is to develop a convenient cross-platform tool capable of incorporating the best features of existing editors, such as Valve Hammer Editor, Q3Radiant and others. Despite Quake and Half-Life having been released a long time ago, the large community have arisen around, still developing mods and games on their bases. However the existing editors suffer from fundamental disadvantages their users are well familiar with. J.A.C.K. does aspire to be the universal level design tool for classic games. But not only the classics! The editor evolves, there are plans to support Source Engine and Unity.Supported GamesHalf-Life (including mods and Gunman Chronicles)Quake (including mods and some Quake-based games, e.g. Hexen II)Quake II (including mods)Quake III (including mods and idTech3 based games, e.g. Tremulous)Main FeaturesCross-Platform Editing: the editor is available both for Windows and Linux users. Large memory addressing support: 64-bit version of the editor overcomes the 2 Gb available memory limit.Large Map Support: you can create and edit levels with dimensions up to 262144 х 262144 units.Extensibility: the editor supports plugins to extend its abilities.Multiple Game Formats Support: preview models and sprites of different games, open different map formats, from MAP to VMF.Realtime Texture Effects: support of transparency, texture animation and scrolling, and Quake III shader scripts greatly enhance perception during the development stage.Embedded Shader Editor: now the process of creation of shaders for Quake III and idTech3 based games becomes delightful!Curved surfaces: the editor supports curved surfaces (patches) used in idTech3 based games.Dynamic Sky Rendition: the editor renders skyboxes in the same way games do.Color Schemes: the editor's look-and-feel can be easily customized.Autosave & SteamCloud: configure autosave and cloud save functions to protect your project from editor crashes and own design errors.Additional Instruments: brush merging, triangulation, UV-Lock, multiple visgroups, model rendition in 2D viewports, automatic selection in 3D, preservation of internal connections, and many more...There is a full list of features on the official editor's web page.						