
							About This Game
							About The SeekerThe Seeker is an action/stealth game, where you are in the role of the little drone that was accidentally activated by the debris that hit the EPC-221.It all began after the Great Galactic war when people had to leave earth, however instead of living peacefully, they destroyed themselves to ashes by their greed for power.Now you, as The Seeker, woken up, ready to find the cause of all of the GGWPhase_1 . . .You're piece of electronic junk, someone's long lost drone left alone on EPC-221. After the era of the "Great Galactic War" in which whole mankind was wiped out. You are now the seeker of collecting evidence of human race and in quest do destory the evil AI and find your owner in the process.Gameplay:Through the game you'll encounter various barriers; Other drones, alarm systems, etc. in a random generated level (only the layout stays the same) That will try to slice you in pieces, the more, the better. You as The Seeker, need to find the exit out of this robot made hell, by collecting points, enjoying the scenery and the music that captures the essence and the beauty of destruction intertwined.With human and robotic leftovers.Features:    Huge randomness in the level - Each time you load up the level, the enemies, the items, the points, the alarms, the cameras, the turrets, the doors, everything will change exepct the basic layout of the level, this creates unique gameplay for each and everyone of you making you special as you already are. All random.    Procedural alarm system - Each time you screw up, and activate the alarm, you are making the level a lot harder, and this is where the PAS comes in. It adds doors, activates more and harder enemies of different type, making escaping and stealing data very hard. As you make more mistakes the more money prize you get at the end, as passing a level with no trigger is rewarding, surviving a level 5 breach is far more as it is far more difficult    Complete customization of the player/b] - Fully working customization of the player, and unlimited community skins with the combination of the Steamworkshop. Want to change colors? No problem. Models? Easy. Add new models, particles, effects, ANYTHING? No problem.     Complex upgrading system - Here you spend your hard earned points you collected passing a level, by buying upgrades, weapons, charges, decoys, fake walls, hacking abilities making your life through the System easier. Additional Languages?I've been already asked a few times about this and - Yes we would love to add as many languages as possible, however it only depends on how we all contribute with translations, so each language can be added actually.If you are interested in contributing in translations just specify the a request for the lanugage and contact us at: http://support@intercido.com						