
							About This Game
							Sci-Fi Survival Shooter created by a small indie team. Powered by the Unreal Engine 4.OverviewHey Guys! Freya is a Cooperative Sci-Fi Survival Shooter....or, you know. It’s just CoD Zombies with shiny blue lights in a cleaner environment with a healthy dash of good 'ol RPG. You shoot stuff, gain levels & money, and use all that stuff to unlock new stuff, then use all that new stuff to shoot bigger stuff. At present, the Alpha 1 just has you shooting stuff while trying not to die. Don't worry, we've got a lot of content incoming ;). In each new match, all players start out at level 1, and select a class. You then work together (or complain about not working together) to survive a set of 10 enemy waves. Make it to the end, and you get a big reward, wipe, and players get significantly less. Match Results dictate amount of Rank Progression & Credits your player account receives, which is used to unlock new cosmetics, weapons, attachments, & classes.Frost Mechanic: The environment in Freya is cold, and temperature management is an important meta-game to consider when playing. Everything from Enemies, the environment, to equipment and player classes will affect your temperature. If it drops below a terminal point, you instantly die with no ability to revive. At the same time, when effectively managed, players can get performance boosts.Classes: Classes, or Species within Freya, are carefully designed to function very differently compared to other shooters: Agile species will have the unique ability to wallrun Tank races are immune to fall damage and can break certain environments Synthetics are nearly invulnerable to conventional damage While Leader classes are the only ones that play in a 3rd-person for a tactical advantage   Maps & Enemies: I originally programmed the map to be procedural, but developing the A.I., I realized a pressing issue. In a procedural map, players too often died of bad luck instead of bad skill. So the number of maps will be limited, design specifically for players to become extremely familiar with, since enemy designs are one of the focal points of Freya's design.  There are 3 fundamental types of enemies: Normals, Elites, and Bosses. Normals are self-explanatory and function simply as cannon fodder. Elites are the most diverse, as they possess a single randomized trait, everything from teleportation, invisibility, replication, speed, frost, poisonous, physic, or immunity to certain types of damage. The degree of how powerful these traits are is randomized and determined by match difficulty and number of players within a game. If that’s not enough for you, that’s when the bosses come in. Not only do they possess abilities that no other enemies have, boss types also inherit multiple traits at once. For example, the Seductress can and will switch your control schemes around to hinder you, but on top of that, you might be unfortunate enough to go against one that is also invisible with the ability to teleport. With all these diverse enemies, the only way to effectively survive would be to balance your gear as well as your team. Which leads us the final and most requested section of Freya. The Flushed Dahlia:Otherwise known as The Den. Flushed Dahlia At the Den, players roll their hard-earned cash for permanent unlocks to everything. Classes, Weapons, Attachments, and of course, the quintessential Cosmetics. I’ll leave it to the community to discover all the details of these drops, but before we end this video. There is something very important I have to clarity. It is not the tool that determines prowess, but how you use it. Now putting aside that obvious that’s-what-she-said joke, this means that all weapons within Freya are balanced. Just because a weapon is rare does not mean it is better, it simply means that it is specialized. A specific build with a specific weapon can be extremely powerful, but the same goes for a default weapon in the hands of a skilled player.  With that said, I highly encourage the community to min-max. I have a rather unique habit of preferring not to nerf. Rather, I find it quite fun to counter certain play-styles with subtle changes in mechanics. ԅ(≖ω≖ԅ)Thanks for your time guys! Happy gaming.						