
							About This Game
							 You are the manager : Whether it's tactics, contracts, sponsors or stadium upgrades — determine the future and the success of your club, but don't neglect your private life! By fans, for fans : Club Manager is developed by fans with more than 20 years of experience and a passion for football. Editor on board : With the integrated editor, you can create your own teams or edit teams, players and club names that are included with the game. Lead your team to victory with the right tactics: Getting started : Launch your career in the German league or one of four international leagues!  Strategy : Comprehensive contract, training and line-up systems for your players and team. Finances : Make decisions concerning player contracts, ticket sales, sponsors and merchandising. Development : Expand your domain from a simple Sunday league football ground to a fully equipped stadium, including the relevant infrastructure. Excitement: Intervene directly in play and make tactical decisions in real time. Tactics : Whether it's parking the bus or throwing everything forward — you decide which strategy to play and for the first time can create an individual training plan for each player. Transfer market : Buy and sell players under realistic conditions, with the new renegotiation option! Goals : As the manager, you will need to strive to meet the board's objectives for the season. Tournaments : Create your own tournaments or host friendlies. Statistics : Comprehensive statistics will help you climb to the top of the league. Budding new talent : Train and foster youth players for your future success. Back-room staff : Manage your entire team of training staff and delegate tasks.Features Classic football manager with an eye for the essentials Club Manager has everything that a good football manager needs: whether it's tactics, statistics, a transfer market, stadium upgrades, advertising, merchandising, developing the stadium periphery, fostering youth talent, training sessions or training camps — for the first time now also in France and Italy! Comprehensive league system : The German league and four international leagues, including numerous championships in almost 200 countries. Powerful editor: Comprehensive customisation options which also allow you to modify player and club names, including kits. By fans, for fans: Club Manager is developed by fans with more than 20 years of experience and a passion for football. Merchandising : Purchases can now be made throughout the entire season. Kit Designer : There are now 20 designs available. The colour of each club's shorts and socks can now be selected individually.						