
							About This Game
							Improve your real life driving skills in Drive MegapolisFor those of you who are dreading that intimidating driving test, wanting to polish up their road skills for a drive through, or are looking to improve on their existing driving skills to avoid getting points on their license – Driving Megapolis 3D offers a viable solution. Specifically designed for European roads and the rules around it, this simulator is designed to be used on a PC.A cut above the restBoasting a host of features, this driving simulator is designed to be interactive and also a learning opportunity. This is a uniquely built driving simulator, which tracks you're driving mistakes along the way and highlights them clearly, giving you the chance to improve upon them. Fully packed with a bunch of scenarios, the Drive Megapolis 3D simulator comes with a series of thirty missions each one more exciting than the last. Each one designed to fulfil an objective. With the option of playing with a manual or automatic transmission.We have included various options which include a host of vehicles and terrains from which you can choose from – a total of seventeen in fact. Additionally it also has real life functions including simulated design which means the roads will be busy with trams and buses – meaning if you live in a busy city around Europe you can expect the same scenery from the simulator as well.Features: 30 missions. Objectives include parking, stopping and standing, entering and exiting the box, driving around tightly parked cars, driving to destinations, 'do not damage the cargo' and others. 17 vehicles to drive! They include front and rear wheel drive, 4x4, buses, trucks and 19 additional modded traffic cars. City, mountain and off-road maps to explore. You can also encounter trams, trains and trolleybuses in addition to the above vehicles on the road.You can pick up passengers in buses. Realistic clutch, stalls and engine simulation unique to each vehicle Realistic physics and weather affect conditions on different types of roads People and animals that will react according to your driving skills logitech g25/g27/g29 compatible and can be calibrated to support other steering wheels. 3 monitor setup are also available.						