
							About This Game
							Steam Hammer is the first hardcore sandbox RPG in a steampunk setting featuring survival elements.Here you'll find all the advantages of sandbox games in the mysterious world of steam engines. Immerse yourself in the late 19th-century alternate reality. Try yourself as an explorer, craftsman, architect, industrialist and conqueror.  Forge weapons and armor, build houses, factories and towers, fly airships and jetpacks and stand up to the enemy.The game world teems with opportunities for crafting tools, equipment and machinery.The game features more than forty types of weapons and armor and over thirty types of buildings and fortifications. Build your own fleet of customized airships and fight both on land and in the air.What makes the game special is realistic skills development. To master each trade you'll have to make some efforts. There are no easy ways, but there is cooperation. There are no clear boundaries - it all depends on your imagination. You find yourself in a world free from rules and restrictions, with no pre-defined roles and imposed goals. This is your world. If you are not happy with the surrounding landscape, you can always modify the terrain - use terraforming to the fullest.  Construct mines, tunnels, ditches, mounds - you name it!Develop technology and machinery, secure your town and build warships, grab your steam hammer and show them who's the boss!Your CharacterWhen you start the game, you create your own character with a unique set of qualities. To feel what it's like to live in the world of steampunk, you can choose both the character's appearance and their crafting and combat skills.  Choose who you want to be and level the skills you need: You can gather resources, create objects and interact with the world around you.Game worldYou ended up on one of the Acribian islands, surrounded by the mysterious world of Saol.  Wandering around these lands may not be safe - apart from you, there are also wild animals as well as other players who are ready to defend their territory. In order to survive, you will have to adapt quickly. Start collecting everything you can get your hands on, namely more than 250 different ingredients for crafting tools and structures. Secrets of AcriboAll the most valuable things are well hidden on the island - in the ground, in the forest, in the mountains. The earth is rich in minerals, but you need to learn how to find and extract them. Your search for a rare plant called celebrium - the real treasure on these islands - may be particularly intriguing. Here you'll find forty five species of plants and animals, thirty types of useful resources - and that's not all these mysterious islands have to offer.Your possibilitiesWhat you'll do in this world is entirely up to you - which skills to level, what buildings to construct and which play style to choose. But any progress comes at a price. You can develop faster if you team up with other players.  If you create a guild, you will be able to stand up to the enemy, protect your land and even collect trophies. A strong team, well-developed industry and advanced technology are key to your success on the server.						