
							About This Game
							WHAT'S HEROES EVOLVEDHeroes Evolved is a lightweight client based game with a heavy focus on real-time strategy and online multiplayer arena combat. Two teams face off in epic battles for supremacy. The team that can destroy the opposing base first wins! Players select from a huge roster of playable characters, each with their own unique skills and attributes. Earn gold, level up, and acquire powerful artifact gear as you co-ordinate with your team, balancing defense and offense on the road to victory!75+ UNIQUE CHARACTERSHeroes Evolved features an expansive roster of unique playable characters waiting for your call, each with their own distinct combat style. Get to know their attributes and abilities and lead them to victory in battle! GAME MODES AND RANKIn Heroes Evolved, there are 3 main game modes for players to choose, and more will be available in future updates: Matchmaking Games: Players can experience Heroes Evolved as a solo player or with their friends to battle against opponents of similar skill.Custom Games: Players can also create game lobbies to freely invite teammates and opponents. Co-op: This Mode is more suitable for beginners to experience. Players can practice with Bots to improve their skills.Moreover, by playing matchmaking games players will earn a game Rank which represents their skill. Gather your teammates to level up together! GLOBAL E-SPORTS TOURNAMENTHeroes Evolved has been launched successfully in South America, Malaysia, China and Vietnam. Now, it finally comes to Steam. In November 2016, R2 Games hosted the first online Heroes Evolved Championship tournament with $60,000 USD prize pool. Team Synergy from the Americas region won the Grand Final. In 2017, R2 Games will bring more online and offline tournaments covering both professional eSports players and casual gamers, with a total prize pool of more than $600,000 USD cash. We hope to see you at the Grand Final! ABOUT R2GAMESR2Games is an international distributor of online games and mobile games. Since its establishment, R2Games' strength has been its international background, cultural adaptability and mission statement of spreading happiness, determined to make its mark as a global leader in video games. As an overseas company specializing in video games, R2Games publishes in 20 countries and regions, including the United States, Australia, France, Germany, Spain, Turkey, UK, Thailand, Malaysia, and Singapore. R2 has grown from a small team of ten to a company of nearly three hundred employees. With a wealth of marketing resources, a first class operations team and a strong overseas brand R2Games is set to continue innovating into creating one of the world's greatest gaming platforms.						