
							About This Game
							Kick-butt weaponry now says hello to soccer!Demonstrate your sportsmanship and bring doom to your opponent on this splendid greenfield!Become one of the most respected animal athletes on this wild planetArm yourself with kick-butt weapons and empower yourself with diverse abilities! You can try to score your goal by any means in this world based on fine tuned physics engine! Oh, don't forget to decorate yourself with cool gadgets after winning ; )hit the Ball With Your Gun!Ever imagined a soccer match where you blow away the ball using machine-gun? here it comes! Of course you can also blow up your opponent by "accident".A kingdom of animals and no trace of humanity...A dozen of animal athletes to pick up from! they don't just differ in shapes, each of them has mastered their own unique talent! All boring humans had been wiped out in the history of this world, check out the ‘Genesis’ video to find out what happened!an Arsenal to Find OutWhat's your favourite weapon？ Is it a pistol, a semi-auto, a rocket launcher or a chainsaw? We have much more than these! Oh and of course we have most of them equipped with one extra cool function for you to find out!abilities? Sure!Faster! higher! stronger! Gear up yourself further!and Ultimate! and Decorations!How can a game be satisfactory without ultimate ability and decorations to collect?Up to 8 player online action with different team size and configurationsPlay with your friend and share all the moments!ai IncludedAllows you enjoy a full single-player experience versus AINo animal was harmed in the making of this game : )Environmental protection is the keyWe will be here to improve our contents, balance the game, and update new contents on a regular basis, to offer a better gaming experience. We are aiming at supporting more languages, and would welcome all the help from the community regarding this. We will try our best at running a friendly user community, and punish all sorts of bots and cheating. We hope the community would assist us in finding out the game abuser.						