
							About This Game
							Battle inside the Colosseum with the best team of your choices in RPG Fighter League. Assemble the best team of warriors and enter in the Fighter League to battle against the greatest monsters and fighters to become the new champion of the Coliseum! Fight and win all the Leagues to acquire Fans and Trophies to earn your place in the Hall of Fame and meet the Architect. Each League features new challenges with new enemies, game mechanics, boss fights, rewards, secrets and characters to uncover. This game will be updated with more content chosen by you, the gamer. Polls will be available to vote on which new content will enter the game. (New leagues, equipment, characters, secrets and more.) A game where the player can choose what will be there next as well as some other surprises!Use strategies, great skills and magic to defeat your opponents in this homage to classic RPG Gameplay mechanics, with new features from today's RPGs. Only the strongest and wisest fighters can defeat all the Leagues. Do you have what it takes to defeat all the challenges made by the Architect?30 Hours + Game Length with free new content after final release.Fight in Leagues with challenges, boss fight, crazy enemies, moving story element, surprises and great RPG gameplay mechanic and full of secrets to discover. Active Battle Time (ATB) system with enhanced strategic lanes for your fighter. (Offense, Neutral and Defense Rows)One to six party members in your team for intense and strategic battles.More than 16 playable characters with different abilities, magic and great personalities. The choice of your team members will have an impact on the Leagues, games events and how the story unfolds. Develop your friendships with your comrades in RPG Fighter League to obtain new skills, items, and more! Challenging Boss Fights! Choose and give Stat Boosters to your characters to mold them into what you want. Learn skills and powerful magic to become the ultimate fighter with Gazillions of possibilities! Find NPCs and repopulate the Hall of Champions. Develop your friendships to have even more things to learn and buy from them. Upgrade your weapons, armors and accessories with Shattered Stones (Stats and new powers available for your equipment.) Crafting (Creates items, armor & weapons from scraps and other objects dropped by enemies.)Quest System (Contracts) Treasure Islands for each League with custom chests and rewards! A great story about fighters. family, and everything around the creation of the Leagues.Great Characters in a lighthearted world where the fighters are the superstars of the Colosseum. Fans system where you gain fans with trophies in League to obtain all sort of advantages and buffs for your team members.Great soundtrack with more than 100 differents songs. More than 151 Secrets and Easter Eggs to discover with some truly special rewards. Support for Gamepad, Keyboard & Mouse, and Touchscreen. You can save anywhere, no Limit! New content will be available after release date to extend the game length and universe. Game available in English language during the development in Early Access. And much more! (Riddles, rewards, mini-games, pre-emptive strikes, achievements, etc.) In a world where everything is settled with a good fight, every warrior wants to have a chance to enter the Fighter League. Henry Forge is a member of that league, and is a descendant to a great family of fighters. His sole desire is to finish what his family started, and meet the enigmatic Architect, creator of the Colosseum, then be inducted into the Hall of Champions by his own merit. Fight, train, and meet comrades on your way to the top! Experience an adventure where choosing, and developing, the right members of your team really matters to be victorious in battle! Learn about the creation of the Fighter League and the Colosseum and Henry's family.						