
							About This Game
							GRAVEL IS THE COMPLETE OFF ROAD EXPERIENCE! Gravel is the only title in the market that includes the most extreme mix of off-road competitions ever seen in a game! There is always competition, variety and entertainment the driver can experience through several diﬀerent game modes for a never-ending fun!Thanks to Epic Games’ Unreal Engine 4, Gravel offers an incredible visual quality, with realistic and impressive lighting and particle effects!MAIN FEATURESKEY VARIETY OF OFF ROAD DISCIPLINES: Gravel features four types of locations, linked to four different off-road disciplines: Cross Country, Wild Rushes, Stadium and Speed Cross for an adrenaline-fuelled combination of petrol and dirt!Cross Country: Outdoor open tracks with diﬀerent layouts to explore or to conquer until the last checkpoint. Wild Rush: Wide - open and dynamic environments with natural obstacles and unique scenery.Speed Cross: Real tracks and races where powerful vehicles compete in jumps and chicanes to ﬁnish ﬁrst.Stadium Circuit: American Off-Road stadium with their spectacular jumps! NEW  GRAPHICS ENGINE: A brand new game engine creating amazing and realistic scenes for a stunning game experience! Thanks to Unreal Engine 4, Gravel ensures large environments with authentic trees and vegetation; vehicles and environments fully reproduced 1:1 just like reality and extremely natural eﬀects like smoke, snow, dust, dirt and more. PHYSICS: With the new Unreal Engine 4, the driving simulation as well as the behaviors and reactions of the different vehicles on the tracks have been improved to perfection, making them very different between each other!GRAVEL CHANNELGravel Channel is a young, fresh and unconventional TV Show.  Its formula is easy: the most evocative locations, the most powerful vehicles and the most talented drivers. The result is the most incredible and engaging races ever transmitted!CAREER: THE OFFROAD MASTERSGRAVEL CHANNEL presents the OFFROAD MASTERS format, an annual television program that will accompany the player on their way to fame and glory. Through challenges and events dedicated to every in-game disciplines, the skilled driver has to reach the FINAL LEAGUE and challenge the champion from the previous edition, attempting to be crowned as the new OFFROAD MASTER. The route will be strewn with increasingly difficult challenges, but also with discipline specialists, real MASTERS, who will put even the most experienced players to the test!KEY FEATURE POINTSKEY VARIETY OF OFF ROAD DISCIPLINESCross Country, Stadium Circuit, Speed Cross and Wild Rush that can be played with all types of vehicles.GRAPHIC EVOLUTION Incredible visual quality, with realistic and impressive lighting and particle eﬀects.GAMEPLAY AND FUN Several diﬀerent game modes (oﬄine and multiplayer) for fun and challenging experiences.CAREER: THE OFFROAD MASTERSThrough challenges and events, the skilled driver has to reach the FINAL LEAGUE and challenge the champion from the previous edition, attempting to be crowned as the new OFFROAD MASTER.GRAVEL CHANNELA young, fresh and unconventional broadcast where the most talented drivers compete against everybody else.						