
							About This Content
							HEX: Entrath Awaits BundleThe world of Entrath is in a precarious state: the forces of the Ardent and the Underworld armies have settled into a stalemate, yet how long this period of reasonable calm is going to last, no one can say. With the world in an uneasy balance, the different races seek to employ the Hexing Gems and the primordial Wild and Blood magic to stack their decks.This bundle prepares you for the campaign fights to come, with a total of 35x packs from the campaign, 2x Herofall boosters, and 15x Standard Format Gauntlet packs (an assortment of common and uncommon cards from the first 5 sets) to enhance your decks on the battlefield. This bundle sets you on the right path to start your journey through the Howling Planes – the start of HEX’s campaign mode. Additionally, there are a few consumables and one of our rare cosmetics in this pack, as well as some in-game currency to give you a little boost.Install HEX: Shards of Fate on Steam to be able to use the contents within this bundle.BUNDLE CONTENTSBOOSTER PACKS2x “Herofall” Booster PacksThis card set comes with four keywords: “Valor”, “Dreadlings”, “Scrounge” and “Assault”. A focus on socketed card types and faction-specific tactics round out this booster pack.5x Tranquil Dream PacksThis card set contains cards and equipment from the Tranquil Dream campaign dungeon.5x Fort Romor PacksThis card set contains cards and equipment from the Fort Romor campaign dungeon.5x The Usurper PacksThis card set contains cards and equipment from The Usurper campaign dungeon.5x Smoldering Dead PacksThis card set contains cards and equipment from the Smoldering Dead campaign dungeon.5x Devonshire Keep PacksThis card set contains cards and equipment from the Devonshire Keep campaign dungeon.10x Howling Planes PacksThis card set contains cards and equipment from the Howling Planes campaign adventure zone.15x Standard Format Gauntlet PacksThese 16-card rareless packs contain a random assortment of cards from all current sets. Including: Shards of Fate, Shattered Destiny, Armies of Myth, Primal Dawn, and Herofall.CONSUMABLES10x Common Stardust5x Uncommon Stardust3x Rare Stardust1x Legendary StardustUnlock extended card artwork with this magical material. Each card needs a single Stardust of matching rarity to reveal its complete artwork to you. Which cards will you choose?SLEEVE1x “Hound” Deck SleeveCURRENCY10,000 GoldGold is the in-game currency for HEX and can be earned in much the same way as equipment, through victories in battle, completed quests and challenges. Gold can be used much like the premium currency Platinum: you can spend it in the auction house, on individual cards, entire booster packs and almost everything else that’s put up for sale by other players. Gold is also used to upgrade loot chests through Kismet’s Well that rewards the fortunate with rare rewards.						