
							About This Content
							An adventure for 7th-9th level characters that takes you to the ends of the earth and beyond!On an epic journey across the far frozen wastes, your characters seek their destiny and that of the future empress. Yet at the top of the world, having overcome the ravening storms and dark forces arrayed against them, you discover a marvel of legend, a ruined city both ancient and alien. Surely you cannot simply pass it by without exploring it and seeing what mysteries have lain untouched for time out of mind. Then again, if the rumors told in the caravan are true, perhaps others have come not so long ago, leaving behind a mysterious treasure that may be of great aid in claiming your imperial destiny in the eastern realms.This adventure for characters of 7th to 9th level supplements (with scaling notes to use the adventure with higher or lower-level adventurers) the epic journey at the midpoint of the Far East Adventure Path campaign. It allows PCs a chance to stop and explore one of the notable locations they discover along the way, helping balance out what can become an arduous grind of seemingly disconnected events on their polar crossing. Apart from an Adventure Path, this adventure serves as an excellent introduction to a desolate lost city hidden by nigh-impassable terrain, yet containing connections to past and future, where east meets west.Designed by Jason Nelson with the Legendary Games Design Team of Neil Spicer, Clinton Boomer, Greg A. Vaughan, Matt Goodall, Russ Taylor, Jim Groves, and Clark Peterson. Who better to provide you with supplemental adventure material for your Adventure Path campaign than the very writers of those adventures themselves? Answer: no one. Legendary Games' Adventure Path Plug-Ins supplement and enrich your campaign experience, offering adventures and supporting products that incorporate and expanding upon unique concepts, themes, and rules subsystems introduced in the Adventure Paths while filling in the background characters, items, and locations that make those adventures come alive in delightful (and often dangerous) detail. Legendary Games combines stellar writing talent with innovative layout and product design and top-notch artistic values that we think will bring you back again and again.Converted by: Danny StrattonRequires: An active subscription or a one time purchase of a Fantasy Grounds Full or Ultimate license and the included Pathfinder ruleset (3.5E Compatible).						