
							About This Game
							Brawl your way through hordes of decay in the Streets of Rott, anarcade style, side-scrolling beat ‘em up.FRED - An old, cranky dude with the skills of Walker Fu. Slow but tough. MAX - One who never gives up, Max carves his way through with his circular saw. SARAH - With hidden powers, Sarah uses her energy blades and fast speed. STALKER OF THE OTHERWORLD - The Evil Entity in charge of the Rotters. ROTTER - One of many varieties of the rabid, slow, mindless living dead. CITY OF ROTT: STREETS OF ROTTOnly you can bring peace to the City of Rott: Streets of Rott. Includes Single Player, Co-op Cheat Mode, Remix Mode and more.FEATURES INCLUDE: Eight arcade levels of brawler mayhem, each with a tough end boss. Fun, challenging, action packed beat 'em up gameplay inspired by the classics. Easily perform a full set of 11 unique attack moves per character including the Rage Attack.3 playable main characters to choose from, each with unique fighting moves. 3 separate, alternative Co-Op characters to pick in the Co-Op Cheat Mode.3 unique vehicles to ride. A clunky car, a revving sportbike, and a slick skateboard. Freedom. Freely Walk or Drive east or west per level. Hop in and out of available vehicles. Use objects to your advantage. Explosive junk cars, bashing barrels and more. Remix Mode randomizes the level order, colors and music for fresh replay value. Practice Mode lets you test out your moves, battle a friend and... well, practice. Many Rotter enemy types to defeat with your ready skills, found vehicles and weapons. Pulse pounding Electronica Industrial soundtrack by F. Sudol. Power ups include handguns, shotguns, machine guns, explosives, shovels, shields.3 Difficulty modes including Easy, Normal and Hard. Options let you play the sound track, adjust game options, turn off the timer, add lives and more. Endless Continues if you need them, just like in the Arcades. Detailed, colorful illustrated graphics and cartoon animations. Animated cartoon blood & gore and cartoon violence. HD 720p fills screen, medium window view with 1080p HD. Character audio voices share their thoughts after each stage. Includes player movement through W,A,S,D or Arrow Keys, your choice. Entire game created by F. Sudol, creator of the City of Rott animated horror movies.Game programmed from scratch on Game Editor, a C based 2D game creation software.						