
							About This Game
							Have you dreamed of what it would be ... to soar like an eagle?Aquila Bird Flight Simulator lets you experience soaring bird flight using virtual reality.  It was originally designed for the Oculus Rift, but has now been modified for OpenVR.  You embody one of three species of eagle flying over either Northwest Scotland, a part of Columbia, or Graham Island in British Columbia. This is designed as a relaxing soaring flight simulation, and is not arcade-style flight, and as such you can make use of ridge lift and thermals.  If you want a work out try flapping with motion controllers!Proceeds from this project go towards a major bird of prey centre in Hampshire (UK), where I do voluntary work. Supporting this project helps towards vital conservation, rehabilitation, and education schemes throughout the UK and overseas.  So on behalf of the birds, and the staff, thank you! Main Features:Dude you're an eagle! Featuring three species of eagle:White tailed sea eagleBald eagleand the Harpy eagle.Simulates an 8kg bird with a 2.5m wingspan. (cosmetic difference only at present).Steer your bird using:An Xbox360/One controllerYour VR headsetor Motion controllers (experimental).Satellite photography scenery for:13km x 13km for Northwest ScotlandColumbia and British Columbia, of equivalent size.Day/Night cycle using UniStorm.You have thermals and ridge lift to make flying easier.Configurable wind direction and speed, shown as 'dandelion seeds' in-game.Free looking in VR, along with selectable views on the birds back and a chase view.You can land and take off, and walk around on the ground.Options to start in the air or on the ground.Tutorials for gamepad control and motion controllers. (headset steering tutorial to come)Comfort mode:  This levels the camera, and limits your pitch and roll to produce a more comfortable experience.  It is on by default, but can be turned off.Some relaxing music to go with the flying.Observer mode: The in-flight menu allows you to select a view that is displayed on your main pc screen while you play in VR.  This can impact performance, but allows people not playing to watch your flight.Non-VR ... the game will run without a VR headset connected, and defaults to a chase view, but it's just not the same as VR!Current issues:Satellite photography is best experienced with a bit of height.  The illusion will not work when you're near the ground.Currently ugly if you look behind you, if you don't move your own head up, as you'll look through yourself!If you fly too fast, you pitch down. With comfort mode on, it is rare as your pitch is limited.You can't currently 'trim' in pitch, although you can fly just fine without.The white tailed sea eagle does not have a ground walking animation, but has more flexible animation in the air.  The other two eagles use normal Unity animations.Observer mode does not output sound to your normal pc speakers, if you are using the Rift headphones.Future plans:(PARTWAY THERE) More dynamic landscape with things to do of course (challenges).Trophy/achievement support.(PARTWAY THERE) Maybe one large landscape, or many smaller ones. I'd love to be able to add more trees!(Plan in motion!) I am looking at supporting the Next Level V3 motion platform.Possible survival simulation including weather, defending your territory, nest provider, etc.Expanding the tutorial to be narrated, perhaps from another bird flying with you nearby.Final note:This game is not finished, and is under early access.  It's a start point of what to expect, and an opportunity to report back with bugs.  Please do report back with any issues you encounter; it helps me make it better!  Thank you again for your support, and thank you for looking!Graeme						