
							About This Content
							The Haunted HighlandsA Castles & Crusades Adventure module for Fantasy GroundsCastles & Crusades Quick Start Rules (Free)Upon the bloody northern marches lies a curious Roadhouse. Here are gathered the flotsam of the world: miscreants, mercenaries, soldiers of fortune, adventurers. Dirty Bowbe's they call it and its as rough and safe a sanctuary as any will find in those dark and bloody grounds! For once, long ago, a Kingdom thrived here and the wealth of its coffers flowed across the lands as honey from a jar. But those days are long past and nothing but memories remain . . . memories and the shadows of yesterday.To the northeast of Dirty Bowbe's lie the ruins of Bortenski and the hazardous wastes known as the Witch Moor. To the north lies the village of the Ugashtan and further still lie the broken crags of the Mythnoc Cairns where the proud barbarian people once buried their cherished dead. To the Northwest stand the tall trees of the Grove of the Green Man, where the druids who worship the old ways still rule.Four short adventures, plus a stand alone fantasy RPG setting! Welcome to the Haunted Highlands, an adventure setting for the Castles & Crusades fantasy role playing game. In the haunted highlands, players face dangerous foes as they attempt to collect bounties and challenge foes as they carve a name for themselves in a land fraught with peril.Included here are three developed areas of adventure, two fully detailed and distinct Karboskian cultures and of course the infamous and always rowdy Roadhouse. The Roadhouse serves as a unique gathering place for adventurers and scoundrels where stories may be swapped, bounties collected and adventurers recruited, should they be brave enough to face the challenges which the highlands have in store.The Haunted Highlands includes four short adventures for varying character levels and offers a stand alone fantasy role playing setting ready to be dropped into any campaign.. Extensive random encounter tables allow for continuing wilderness adventure. Details on a brand new pantheon featuring over a dozen new deities and one new monster help bring life to your new Castles and Crusades campaign.Continue the Adventure with: DB2 The Crater of Umeshti.Conversion by: Alan NeilsonReleased on November 21, 2010. Designed for Fantasy Grounds version 2.9.9 and higher.Requires: An active subscription or a one time purchase of a Fantasy Grounds Full or Ultimate License and a one time purchase of the Castles & Crusades ruleset.						