
							About This Game
							Might & Magic Clash of Heroes takes place 40 years before the Heroes V saga. Scattered across five different regions of Ashan, five special heroes must travel their own dangerous paths to grow in strength, unravel a demonic plot, and ultimately save the world from Chaos.							Key Features:Master unique and dynamic combat mechanicsArt of tactics: Create offensive or defensive unit formations, learn advanced combos and make the best of your spells and artifacts to build up the right strategy and overcome your enemies. 							Various challenges: Defeat the enemy heroes by crossing their armies in standard battles. Launch into special challenges and Boss fights where your strategic skills will be put to a severe test. Solve puzzle battles by finding the right combination and wipe out the enemy in a limited number of turns.							Unit management: Earn & hire units with different attributes and abilities to create your ultimate army combination. 							Heroes rising: Become more powerful after each battle by earning XP points and level- up your hero and your units.							HD art, music & sounds: Enjoy the rich Might & Magic universe.Experience an Epic Adventure:Vibrantly detailed settings: Explore highly detailed maps full of knights, elves, wizards, necromancers, and demons and interact with a unique manga-style inspired environment. 							Prequel to Might & Magic® Heroes®: Play the childhood of the five main Heroes: Anwen, Godric, Fiona, Aidan and Nadia.							Traverse the fantasy world of Ashan: Recruit & level up units, and discover hidden artifacts to build the most powerful army.Hot seat 1v1 and Online 2 to 4 Players PVP & Coop Mode on Steam™Multiple Heroes: Choose from 10 different characters, each one featuring unique spells and abilities.							Build your own army: Select the best combination of creatures and artifacts to give you the strongest advantage on the battlefield.							Join a friend and face up to two opponents in dynamic and strategic co-op battles.						