
							About This Content
							In this first major expansion for Guardians of Graxia, Elves & Dwarves, the world of Graxia is greeted by two new Guardians from faraway islands, Flist the deceitful Elf and Broxin the greedy Dwarf. Included in the expansion are ever more powerful units and abilities that you will be able to use in battle, as well as six additional skirmish maps, some of which randomly generate their tile configuration upon entry! This latest release of Guardians of Graxia requires the core game to play.						Key features:						2 New Guardians:Flist the deceitful Elf						Broxin the greedy Dwarf14 Powerful Units:Elven Units:Serin’s Tiger Riders						Spearman						Elf Blademen						The Jade Council						IthelDwarven Units:Mountain Breakers of the Mine						Balak the Hunter						Redbeard’s Rangers						Ulmar’s Iron DragonsOther units:Gubbin’s Gliders (Goblin)						Tinker Thinkers (Goblin)						Harvesters of Tree Willow (Wisp)						Soul Consumers (Wraith)						Bone Ballista (Skeleton)6 Challenging Maps:						The Tournament of Moir: Guardians have gathered in the old city of Moir to challenge one another since ancient times. Only the bravest and strongest among the guardian class have been called into attendance and few among them will get to test their mettle in Graxia's most revered competition. There are few rules that exist in the tournament and once engaged in battle no mercy will be shown.   						Capture the City of Larue: The city of Larue has recently become unstable emitting a strange raw power that has drawn the attention of many including the mighty dragon Honshu. The dragon posses but one obstacle as rumors abound that what lies within the city could turn the tide in the guardian war. All manner of thieves and warriors have flocked to its gates only to have the land shift beneath their feet, crumble away or explode. Only guardians have the power to secure the land and unravel the mystery of the city of Larue. Shortly upon arrival however you receive word that your home land, Gorrue has been attacked. Now time grows short guardian you must be quick and decisive; will you gain in power and turn the tide of the war, or loose your homeland?  						The Conquest of General Reliz: In his studies of the undead, Reliz has discovered a way to create a virus that turns the living into the undead. He has been increasing his army by turning these poor souls and forcing them to join his ranks and defend him as the leader of Graxia.						A Miner Problem: General Balak is considered a true patriot among his people, well respected and beloved by most. Balak holds firmly to the bonds of fealty and loyalty and has made a name for himself among his people far and wide. Recently however his great deeds in battle have gone unnoticed, his many victories swept aside. As the people look to their true leader the guardian Broxin and the long awaited peace while under his reign. Balak’s hold over the people is all but forgotten. Slighted he becomes obsessed firmly believing that it is his time to be lead and plots his ascension turning to darker forces. Using dark magic Balak now controls the regions mana creating portals that generate evil replica's of its reflections. Defeat the rouge general and put an end to his rise for power.						Assault on Talons Point: Flist the elf guardian is on the move and has set her sights on the castle of Talon's Point. The land surrounding the castle is rich with mana and is currently under the control of her sworn enemy the dwarven guardian Broxin. Already in control of the four outlining cities Brendal, Woodmore, Crescent and Drakemore Broxin's power has increased ten fold granting him the ability to banish invaders from the borders of his newly acquired territories. Use your cunning and tactical skills to out wit Broxin and increase your chances by wrenching control of one of the four cities, strategy holds the key to your ultimate victory.						The Barren Wastelands of Brightagg: The guardian war has spread far and wide and every corner of Graxia is caught in the grip of fear. The hostile lands of Brightagg in the cold northern lands are not immune to the horrors of battle. Many armies have taken to the field there and much blood has been spilled in the wastelands. A marauding guardian army has recently taken up residence there and is growing steadily in ranks. Defeat the surmounting forces for a standard victory or dispatch the armies’ leader for to be the ultimate of all the Guardians!						