
							About This Game
							Navigate the beauty and hazards of the solar system while riding on a wave of light in this innovative action-puzzle game. On your journey to restore light to a dying galaxy being consumed by a Singularity, you'll travel from Pluto to the Sun and interact with a wide variety of strange objects, and mind-bending situations that will affect the path of your wave, and the world around you, in interesting ways.Simple to play but difficult to master, Waveform combines the pure fun of retro arcade titles with all the modern bells and whistles of modern gaming. Colorful graphics and a retro soundtrack accompany 100 levels of increasingly fascinating and wondrous challenges featuring mysterious and fun objects like Wormholes, Particle Accelerators, and the enigmatic Space Squids of Venus!Key Features:Innovative and Unique Gameplay - You've never played a game like this before! Experience the refreshingly unique wave-manipulation gameplay of Waveform in a fast-action adventure like no other.Master the game, not the controls - Featuring extremely simple controls involving dragging the mouse to manipulate your wave's amplitude and wavelength, gamers of all skill levels can instantly jump in and enjoy Waveform. It's easy get started, but difficult to master. Play at your own pace - Will you take a relaxing ride through the solar system or challenge yourself to conquer each level and unlock bonuses and achievements? Each level is designed with multiple layers of difficulty so you can sit back and enjoy the zen-like flow of the wave or get on the edge of your seat for a heart-racing wave run. The choice is yours!Stellar amount of content - With over 100 levels spread across 11 worlds featuring dozens of unique objects and discover, there's an incredible amount of content to experience. And after you beat the game you can enjoy New Game +, featuring re-mastered versions of each level in the theme of the game's bonus levels.Rockin' Retro Soundtrack - Enjoy a musical masterpiece featuring dynamic audio that adapts with the pace of the game.Deep Space Mode - Journey into the far reaches of deep space in 11 different randomly-generated endless scenarios. Strive for the high score and earn your spot on the Steam Leaderboards!						