
							About This Content
							The BR143 Add-On offers one of the most accurate and involving locomotive driving experiences currently available for Train Simulator. With two liveries, a driveable Steuerwagen and five scenarios for the Cologne-Dusseldorf Expansion Pack, the BR143 is a great add-on for anyone who really wants to DRIVE!The BR143 was introduced in 1985 by Deutsche Bahn as a general purpose locomotive for passenger and freight duties, with an output of 3,720 kW (4,990 horsepower) and top speed of 120 km/h (75mph). It proved to be a highly capable and versatile locomotive well-suited to the abundance of 120km/h lines then in use, and after four years no less than 500 had been produced by LEW Hennigsdorf. A total of 636 examples were produced by the time production came to an end, and most are still in service.The BR143 for Train Simulator has been developed in wonderful detail by virtualRailroads to provide a highly-accurate driving simulation. As a result, the locomotive utilises a great many more controls than the majority of our locos, and most drivers will find that it is necessary to read the manual thoroughly and familiarise themselves with the controls and driving modes. As the driver, you are required to get the locomotive ready for work before starting out, including raising the pantograph and switching on the main power circuit. You then select the required driving mode, depending on what kind of service you will be running, then set off using one of two different speed control systems. All aspects of the locomotive’s operation have been replicated with great attention to detail, giving all the capability and flexibility of a real BR143. However, this means that there are many additional controls to get to grips with: even if you have driven a REAL BR143, we recommend that you read the manual thoroughly before driving! Full controls are not accessible via the Cab Control HUD display: please refer to the manual for full details of the operating controls.PLEASE NOTE: the Cologne-Dusseldorf Expansion Pack is required to play the scenarios included with this add-on.IncludesBR143 electric locomotive in DB red livery and PBK blue/silver livery. Highly-detailed locomotive with three selectable driving modes, direct speed control, TAV door control, time delayed windscreen wipers, in-cab lighting and more.Fully operational Steuerwagen driving trailer.5 scenarios for the Cologne-Dusseldorf Expansion PackThe Helping HandRBH GZ86534Replacement Train to DusseldorfDetour to CologneCologne to Dusseldorf						