
							About This Game
							Space Rangers HD: A War Apart remasters and expands the world of the cult classic Space Rangers 2. The game is developed by the SNK-Games team in close cooperation with fans of the series.The biggest of the improved features is a new scenario dedicated to the pirates threatening the galaxy. While the Coalition spends all of its resources to fight the Dominators (sentient machines who seek to eradicate all life), the pirates have united under the banner of a mysterious leader. Under this new master they have begun their own guerrilla war to seize power in the weakened Galaxy. Players can now choose with whom to deal, the Dominators or the pirates, or both at the same time. If you choose the latter path, you will receive new story and side quests, new goals and promotions. After winning one of the wars, you can either finish the game or continue playing to win another.Players begin their pirate career as the lowest of the low, and will make their way to the top of the pirate hierarchy, completing story missions and learning new information about the organization and its unknown leader whose actions threaten the very existence of the Coalition of sentient species. All player actions affect what kind of place the Galaxy will be at the end, with the victorious Coalition that managed to overcome its enemies or with a collapsed alliance from both external Dominator and internal pirate pressures.The game has received a major technical overhaul in addition to the addition of new content. All of the main menu, loading screens, planet and space station vistas were reworked. Now you can choose a display resolution of up to 1920×1200 and planetary battles employ modern render technologies.Key Features: New pirate subplot. After completing any one of the story branches a player can either end the game, or continue playing to complete another branch. the player’s actions influence the entire Galaxy, while the balance in either of wars may be tipped not only by the player, but by AI actions as well. No two playthroughs will be the same. Major technical overhaul. Display resolutions up to 1920×1200, multi-core processors, Windows® 7, and anti-aliasing in 3D planetary battles are now fully supported. Extended soundtrack means you’ll hear more than 15 completely new musical themes specially created for deeper immersion into the amazing Space Rangers universe. Other improvements include more than 10 new text adventures, 15+ planetary battle maps, 20+ government missions, unique non-story events, new equipment and micromodules, access to all hyperspace engagements from the main menu and more!						