
							About This Game
							Ten years on from Worms™ Armageddon and the turn-based comic mayhem continues in Worms™ Reloaded, an all-new edition available for PC through Steam. Worms™ Reloaded features up to four player online and offline multi-player, voice support, a raft of crazy new weapons (and the return of some iconic weapons from the brand’s celebrated past), achievements (*note: Mac & Linux versions have a reduced number of achievements), leaderboards, all new high-definition landscape themes, a range of brilliant forts for the new Fort mode, new landscape editor, new play modes, hats, skins and speech banks.					To top it all off, there is also a highly-involving single-player experience with tutorials, deathmatches, races, fort games and puzzles. Enjoy the new High Definition full colour graphics engine, revised physics and pit your wits against the all-new A.I. with seven personality types, ranging from easy to very hard and styles like vengeful, cocky and ‘Darksider’! The game is also packed with customization options, and includes thousands of possibilities for your team of worms, tons of game options and custom levels, so you can play the game how you want!					Key Features:					EXTENSIVE SINGLE-PLAYER CONTENT:					Campaign mode. Play through 35 single-player missions as well as 30 more in the Warzone Campaign that is tuned for advanced players.						  Bodycount mode! How will you survive with having just one worm pitched against never ending spawning enemy worms that get increasingly tougher? Compete against friends in the scored leaderboard.						  Training Mode. Comprehensive tactics tutorage that includes 3 tutorials and 3 different firing ranges.					ONLINE AND LOCAL MULTI-PLAYER:					Up to 4-player online and local multiplayer action - with Steamworks support, for pain free game updates, friends-lists, leaderboards, achievements (*note: Mac & Linux versions have a reduced number of achievements) and chat.						  Leaderboards! Multiple different leaderboards to track different game types and stats. These can be sorted globally or by friends enabling and encouraging competition between friends.					MASSIVELY INCREASED CUSTOMISATION:					Wild customisation and personalization - change appearance of worm skin, choose victory dances, gravestones, voices, HUD, title and over 70 different cute, funny and downright stupid hats!						  Shop ‘til you drop! Players can buy hats, landscapes, weapons, missions, forts and gravestones with currency awarded for completing single player campaigns.						  Over 70 speechbanks - 50 re-mastered from the classics and over 20 new speech banks including the insane Cheese sound set!						  A range of great classic and new custom levels to play on, plus make your own!					NEW FULLY FEATURED LANDSCAPE CREATION TOOL:					Fully featured landscape editor including the welcome return of bridges and the ability to import your own custom levels into game so you can share your creation with friends and play online. Add your own start positions, mines and scheme to effectively create wild new play modes and styles of game.						  All new vertical landscapes – to take the battle to new heights!						  The scheme editor enables the changing of all aspects of the game to fit your own style, including new random objects such as the sentry guns and electro magnets, and a new fire hazard.					WORMS™ WEAPONRY AND UTILITIES:					47 weapons and utilities including classic weapons from Worms™, Worms™ 2, Armageddon, World Party and the recent Open Warfare series as well as 14 brand new weapons!						  New weapons include Super Bunker Buster, Ferrets, Poison Strike, Worship, Sentry Gun, Electromagnet, Buffalo of Lies plus new persistent fire and surprise Easter Eggs!						  Classic Weapons returning include Armageddon, Concrete Donkey, Napalm Strike and yes, the Holy Hand Grenade!					GAME MODES:					Select from a range of classic Worms™ game modes and new modes for this edition - Crate/Shopper modes, BnG (Bazooka and Grenade), Forts and Rope Racing.						  Use the customisation tools to make your own mode!					HIGH DEFINITION VISUALS:					13 HD graphical themes for millions of random levels - never play the same game twice!						  Worms™ has never looked this good with all new High Definition landscape artwork - based on the most loved Worms™ game ever made.						  Widescreen support, optional blur effect for backgrounds, 16 specially designed forts for the fantastic Fort mode.					PC SPECIFIC CONTROLS:					User defined controls with classic settings as standard.						  Function key support for fast access to common weapons.						  Works with compatible USB gamepad.						  It also runs on all modern Windows Operating Systems.											