
							About This Game
							INCLUDES ALL RED ORCHESTRA 2 MULTIPLAYER CONTENT!Rising Storm is the next game in the award-winning Red Orchestra franchise. You know the great gameplay, innovative features and realistic audio and graphics of RO2 - Rising Storm will take this to the Pacific Theater, adding even more features, new levels, new weapons and new factions. The game will allow the player to fight across iconic locations from the famous island-hopping campaigns in the Pacific from 1942 to 1945, as the US Army and Marine Corps fight it out with the Imperial Japanese army and Special Naval Landing Forces. Players will experience beach assaults, jungle fighting, close quarters night fighting and more across Guadalcanal, Iwo Jima and Saipan, among other iconic battles. The player is able to take the part of either side – American or Japanese – battling it out online in multiplayer on up to 64-player servers.Rising Storm also introduces an entirely new type of gameplay to the franchise - asymmetrical warfare. The American’s have the apparent advantage in firepower with their fast firing semi-automatic rifles, fully automatic weapons, and devastating flamethrower. The Japanese balance this out with gameplay elements that model their raw courage, ferocity, and cunning use of equipment. Their knee mortars allow them to rain indirect fire down on their enemies from anywhere in the map. Grenades can be planted and turned into booby-traps for unwary GIs. The Japanese put very high store on close-quarter combat, with a bayonet on almost every weapon – even machine guns and SMGs. Their banzai charge suppresses the enemy making it difficult for them to return fire and gives them an opportunity to close in to use bayonets and katanas on their opponents.Key Features	Large Scale Multiplayer Combat in The Pacific: Take part in the brutal fighting in the Pacific online with up to 64 players at a time.	Iconic Battles:  Experience iconic battles such as Iwo Jima, Saipan, and Guadalcanal as the US military struggles to clear the Japanese from the islands in the Pacific.	Asymmetrical Gameplay: Far from the mirrored gameplay seen in other shooters, both sides utilize historical weapon sets and each have unique gameplay capabilities. American firepower is matched by Japanese ferocity and guile with such features as banzai charges, booby-traps, the infamous “knee mortar” and more. This creates a unique gameplay experience that can’t be found anywhere else. 	WWII weaponry redefined – again: all of the weapon functionality you expect from the franchise returns - true to life ballistics, bullet penetration, breathing, adjustable sights, free aim, weapon bracing, and more, create WWII weaponry that has no equal. To that add over 20 new weapons including the devastating flamethrower and the portable “knee mortar”.	Morale: Your soldier’s state of mind plays a bigger role than ever. Banzai charging Japanese soldiers can heavily suppress the Americans making it difficult to return fire and allowing the Japanese to close the distance.  The Americans can use their firepower advantage to suppress their enemies and gain the advantage!	Bonus Content: All Red Orchestra 2 multiplayer content is included with Rising Storm as a free bonus. Fight in the Pacific, then fight on the Eastern Front at any time, all in the same game and same server browser. Find out what made Red Orchestra 2 PC Gamer’s Multiplayer FPS of the Year in 2011 with this award winning content.  	Full Mod SDK and Steam Workshop Support: Download some of the amazing existing community made content for Red Orchestra 2, or try your hand with the mod SDK and make your own maps or mods for either Rising Storm or Red Orchestra 2. 	Persistent Stats Tracking and Player Progression: Persistence constantly gives the gamer something to strive for and keeps them playing. Grow in rank, earn achievements, improve your abilities, and become a Hero!						