
							About This Content
							The Class 57 was created by Brush Traction using old British Rail Class 47 (Brush Type 4) bodies with upgraded General Motors engines and running gear. For this reason Class 57s have become known as 'Body-Snatchers'.  Produced from 1997 to 2004, the Class 57 was initially intended for freight duties, until a version with electric train heating facilities was trialled in 2000 to gain interest from passenger service operating companies. The Class 57 has since served with a number of freight and passenger operators across the UK, and has enabled the old Class 47 to continue to serve, in modified form, over 40 years after the last examples were built.					The RailWorks Class 57 Add-On includes:					Class 57 locomotive in Freightliner livery					Class 57 locomotive in Advenza livery					Class 57 in additional freight livery					9 scenarios:					Free roam					Choose a Class 57 and click on it to drive it					Advenza – FGW Mk3 Refurb to Derby 					Today you are taking a rake of Mk3's to Derby Works for their refurbishment. You have been slotted in between two Stopper services to Paddington [PAD]. But you will be diverted off to Willesden Junction at Acton Mainline [AML].					Advenza – FGW Mk3 Refurb Return 					You are heading back from Derby works with a newly painted rake of FGW Mk3 coaches. You have been sat at Southall west sidings for the past hour or so waiting for the morning rush to die down.					Intermodal Part 1 					Today you are incharge of locomotives Class 57009 + 57012. You are taking over from a driver who has driven up from York [YRK]. You will now drive up to Tyne yards to pick up your Intermodal.					Intermodal Part 2					The shunter has coupled up your loco's to your intermodal set. You are now ready to take your train, down to York [YRK]. Be sure to make use of your train length button!					Freightliner – An Early Start 					Freightliner have hired out 57006 for a Hopper move. Its a very early morning. There is no traffic except the other freight trains doing their duties.					Freightliner – Night Winter Freight 					Tonight you are incharge of 6V33. Class 57004 has been hired to Heavy Haul due to an unavailable Class 66. Heading to Didcot power station to empty your last 12 HFA's. You will then make your way down to Ealing [EAL], Where you will then stable the train in the Ealing Goods sidings. 					Freightliner – Wentlooge Intermodal					Earlier this morning you joined 4V26 at Willesden Depot [WIJ] on its way to Swindon [SWI] with an intermodal train. Before the driver change over, it was reported that Class 57008 was experiencing power issues. Instead of losing the slot in the timetable, Class 57001 was couple to the front to haul the set just incase 008 failed. You will drive as far as Reading [RDG] where there will be a driver swap. 					Advenza Scrap Metal - Career System Scenario					You are driving a Class 57 from Stockton on Tees to Cardiff where your cargo of scrap metal is to be processed.  Drive the Thirsk to York section on a wet evening with a heavy load.											