
							About This Game
							New Free DLCSURVIVAL - CRAFTING - ADVENTUREExplore a vast hostile environment while crafting new tools to help you survive. Discover intriguing puzzles and the mystery behind the strange remains of artifacts left in the Amazon Jungle.Key Features : Start with nothing and craft, hunt, fish and fight to survive. Hunt panthers for their meat Catch fish and find fruits Build fire and cook your food Search for water sources Sneak behind enemies to perform stealth killsWorld Exploration & Survival gameplayCraft tools and weapons to survive in the jungle Patch yourself up with makeshift bandagesAdjustable FOVStory : Garry Friedman, a veteran bush pilot in his early 40’s , still broken down emotionally after a tragic accident involving his wife and his little girl, drowns himself in alcohol every night to escape his torment. Now numb to the constant dangers he faces, Garry keeps signing up for impossible jobs; he gets the cash, doesn’t ask questions, business as usual. Some doubt his motives but Garry needs this danger now, he needs the adrenaline, it’s the closest he gets to feeling alive again. On Friday, June 13, 2014, a transport job has him going to a research facility in Yellowstone and bringing the some cargo to Nevada; the drop coordinates would then be updated during the mission. But Garry would never reach his destination… 0700 hours, slight ground vibrations, not strong enough for anyone to notice. 0735 hours, Garry has loaded the cargo and is flying off 0740 hours, The Yellowstone super volcano starts erupting The sudden gushes of poisonous fumes send Garry and his plane spiraling through the skies. While he tries to regain control, the artifacts inside his cargo start to activate. A sudden burst of energy explodes and suddenly Garry`s plane, and everything with it, crashes into the Amazonian jungle; the drop slowed down by the enormous flora.0750 hours, Garry blacks out. The carcass of his plane lies amongst the trees. Wild Games Studio presents: An extraordinary adventure awaits, where you will need to survive through hostile environments, explore ancient civilizations, and discover a truth that will change your understanding of the world, forever! This cargo might have saved your life once, but what happens next? It’s all up to you …Day One						