
							About This Game
							Sir, You Are Being Hunted is a procedurally-generated British horror in which tweed-wearing robots hunt you for sport. Roam the landscape, scavenge for food, hide breathlessly in the undergrowth, flee in terror, and even fight back with stolen weapons.Sir is a stealth and survival game unlike any other.And it now has multiplayer!Key FeaturesFirst-person stealth and survival.Procedurally-generated British landscape.Five biomes to explore: castle, industrial, rural, mountainous, and fenland.Infinite replayability in a sandbox world.Powerful, brutal AI that becomes tougher as you play.Tea and biscuits.Foliage-based stealth system.Scavenge to survive.Play as Sir or Madam.Relentless Britishness.NEW! Be hunted with other terrified ladies & gentlemen.Every Game Unique!Sir, You Are Being Hunted is set on a mysterious archipelago generated procedurally by you, and therefore unique to each game you play. You can define your own islands, each one created in moments by our rather clever British Countryside Generator. These islands are then populated by a raving aristocracy of murderous robots, their robot hounds, and worse. You job is simply to survive, and get home.You're not entirely alone, though: The disembodied voice of Walters, your butler, will help you and offer advice.Ultimate AI ThreatSir's AI is one of the toughest in stealth, and as an open-world game, it's unique in its field. The robots are some of the most aggressive and intelligent game enemies you will ever experience, and will pursue you even after losing sight of you. Expect to be hunted!The Most British Of GamesSir, You Are Being Hunted is set in a parallel Britain, complete with bleak villages, rocky highlands, bramble-filled woodland, decrepit farms, and crumbling post-industrial landscapes. Made with the remarkable power of our British Landscape Generator, these landscapes are enormously evocative and teeming with detail. Take time to explore, and find that vital hidden flask of tea!						