
							About This Game
							The great King Arthur has crushed his adversaries in the South but the realm of the Once and Future King still has its limit. The lands beyond the Forest of Bedegraine are wild, ruled by no one, haunted by the old gods  who fought and bled here in times long past. Fallen Champions bridges the gap between King Arthur I and II with a tale of three brave souls. Sir Lionel, a brave knight from Britannia on a quest to rescue a damsel in distress. Lady Corrigan of the Sidhe, a creature of the twilight seeking the secret pathways that could lead her back to her lost home of Tir na nÓg. The third is Drest the Chosen, a shaman of the North, driven by visions of greatness and voices in the night.  A knight, an enchantress, and a prophet - these three will become champions of a forgotten battle that began long, long ago.						Core Gameplay						The gameplay relies on a story-based, mission-to-mission plot. Players will choose missions and upgrade heroes. The Fallen Champions Campaign Map covers one specific region of Britannia, where players command three very different heroes. Each hero has his own storyline and each of these story lines incorporates three battles, adding up to a total of nine skirmishes plus the confrontation with the major foe in the 10th battle.						The battle maps are very diverse both in visuals and in construction: some tactical-RPG situations (with a limited number of elite units and heroes), tactical battles (with huge armies on the field) and massive battles against a general AI under very unusual circumstances.						Key features:						Follow three unique heroes, each with their own storyline featuring adventure quests and epic fights. The fates of these three heroes are intertwined, and their quests lead up to one massive battle under extraordinary circumstances						A variety of battle types fought on unique, beautifully crafted battlemaps, ranging from smaller tactical skirmishes to grand engagements against superior numbers						A dark and gripping fantasy tale that bridges the gap between King Arthur and King Arthur II, set in an ancient region of Britannia, beyond the well-known territories of King Arthur – The Role-playing Wargame						