
							About This Content
							DCS: A-10C Warthog is a PC simulation of the U.S. premier Close Air Support attack aircraft. This is the second aircraft in the DCS series, following DCS: Black Shark, and raises the bar even higher in the DCS series. Warthog brings the most realistic PC simulation of a modern fixed wing combat aircraft in regards to flight dynamics, avionics, sensors, and weapon systems. You also have the option to play Warthog in "Game" mode for a casual game experience. Fly missions in the Caucuses region of the Black Sea against and with a wide array of air, land and sea forces with new and improved intelligence. Create your own missions and campaigns with the included Mission and Campaign Editors, and fly with and against friends online using the included online game browser.Key features:Fly the A-10C “Warthog” in either realistic or game modes.Fly missions in either Georgia and Russia.Interactive training missions shallow the learning curve dramatically.Rich campaigns and single missions included.Multiplayer cooperative and head-to-head.Feature-rich Mission and Campaign editors allow user created content.The most realistic flight dynamics ever done for a PC simulation.Huge array of land, air and sea units to flight along and against.Ability to command ground forces during missions.Fully interactive Forward Air Controller (FAC) that helps you find targets.About DCS WorldDigital Combat Simulator World (DCS World) is a free-to-play digital battlefield game, focusing on a military aircraft simulation. It includes a FREE TF-51D and an Su-25T attack aircraft and it is extensible through additional DCS DLC that can be purchased here on Steam.DCS World includes a vast mission area of the Caucasus region that encompasses much of Georgia - the location of the 2008 conflict. Additionally, DCS World includes:Powerful mission and campaign editorsMultiplayerMassive inventory of air, land and sea combat units and weaponsAdvanced AIFast mission generatorDynamic weather and seasonsTraining missionsMission replay systemPilot log bookThis all allows the creation of engaging, real-world combat missions in this flashpoint region. DCS is a true "sandbox" simulation that can and will cover multiple time periods covering many types of combat and civilian units. DCS World allows both realistic game play and more relaxed game play to suit the player.						