
							About This Game
							SynopsisA corrupt and bizarre town is the quirky setting to Jeklynn Heights, a fantastical and competitive online game. Run by a Mayor with a split personality and enigmatic past, a spell haunts the town he rules. Players must complete objectives, directed by the Mayor, to win and escape the town.  Combat is 3rd person melee, ranged, and ability based.Match SetupThere are two teams in Jeklynn Heights - the rich and the poor.  The objective is simple; leave town!  During the beginning of the match, the Mayor introduces himself and calls out the first event.  Events are mini-objectives which last a few minutes each.  Objectives range from capturing points, killing targets, stealing from the other team, collecting resources, etc.  The first team to win 5 events wins the match, and is allowed to leave the town!The game is designed to be fast paced, focusing on team-based play, high action, and very short respawn times.Combat MechanicsMelee/Ranged CombatEvery character has a 3 swing melee rotation and a blocking ability.  You may hold your blocking stance for 2 seconds to deflect incoming melee damage.  Landing a quick block (blocking a melee attack within 0.5 seconds of using your block), will stun the enemy player and grant you an empowered swing that does bonus damage.All characters also have a dash mechanic.  Dashing propels you a short distance forward and grants you an empowered swing that does bonus damage.  Dashing is a great opportunity to travel faster, initiate combat, or narrowly escape danger.Additionally, you also have a ranged weapon unique to your character to make picking off fleeing enemies easier!Abilities/SpellsCharacters have 4 abilities centered around their specific archetype (tank/support/agility based).  Abilities range from AOE damage, skill shots, disables, movement boosts, and buffs.Mayor EventsEvents are randomized every match.  Both teams are competing over the same event.  The first team to win 5 events gets to leave Jeklynn Heights!The MinesThe mayor needs resources to help increase the appeal of his town.  Teams rush to the caves to collect ore.  The first team to get 20 ore wins the event.Sanity PostA new structure has been built in the middle of the map, but which side should it belong to?  Teams fight to control the area.Sanity Orb TowerEach team has an Orb Tower located in their base.  Infiltrate the enemy base, destroy the Orb Tower, and return the Orb back to your base.King Me!One random player on each team is now the King!  They grow in size, and are slightly more powerful.  Kill the enemy king while protecting your own.Murderer on the Loose!A deadly crime has been committed!  Work with your team to capture clues throughout the map.  Once all clues have been uncovered, a murderer will be revealed on the opposite team.  Eliminate them!Escort the ZeppelinThe Mayor has spawned a Zeppelin filled with explosives in the middle of the map.  One team must escort the Zeppelin to the enemy base while the other prevents this from occurring!LootOne team has stolen a bunch of paintings. If that's your team, defend the enemy team from looting and returning them to their base.Rescue the InventorOne team has captured the Inventor of Jeklynn Heights.  They must protect the cage from being destroyed, while the other team attempts to free the Inventor.BrawlIn the event of a tie, a Brawl will take place between the two teams.  The Mayor transports all players to a new location to begin their fight.  If you die, you don't respawn.  Last player standing wins it for their team!						