
							About This Game
							SimCity 4 Deluxe Edition includes the bestselling SimCity 4 and the all-new SimCity 4 Rush Hour Expansion Pack. Create the most massive region of cities ever, with a farming town, bedroom community, high-tech commercial center, and industrial backbone. Take complete control of your city's transportation system, and solve U-Drive-It missions — from fighting crime to tackling disasters. Watch your population skyrocket as you get your Sims on the go and create the ultimate living, breathing megalopolis — the most expansive SimCity 4 compilation ever.FeaturesCreate an Entire Region of Cities — Weave together a tapestry of cities linked by a fully integrated transportation network and watch them share and compete for resources.Wield God-like Powers — Sculpt the landscape to create a world based on your imagination, then summon volcanoes, tornadoes, meteors, and lightning.Be a Responsive Mayor — Build a world-class city with stadiums, airports, universities, and real-world landmarks. Deploy emergency vehicles and join in the action as they battle blazes, mobs, and more.Get Insight from Your Sims — Read the rhythm of the city, from commuter hell to mellow cruising, noon-time crowds to night-time calm.Includes SimCity™ 4 Rush Hour: Have the ultimate level of control over your city's transportation network by completely taking charge of roads, rail, air, waterways, and even vehicles. U-Drive It! missions will be presented for you to solve, such as chasing down a bank robber or apprehending a car-jacker.  Choose from all-new road types including wide-avenues, suspension bridges, or one-way streets, as well as map out seamless regional networks that whisk Sims from one city to another.  Wreak havoc with all-new disasters including a UFO invasion, massive wrecks at railroad crossings, and the occasional car fender bender. There are also all-new tutorials available to help you get started.System Compatibility					SimCity was tested for performance and hardware compatibility when it was originally launched. While the classic gameplay of SimCity 4 remains unchanged, unexpected performance and graphics issues with newer systems may occur.  If you experience any performance or graphics issues, we recommend running in Windowed Mode and/or Compatibility Mode to maintain the intended experience.						