
							About This Game
							Kingdoms Rise is about palpable multiplayer fantasy battle. Select your choice of weapons and abilities and step onto a battlefield where skill alone will decide your fate.With a multitude of armors, swords, spells, ranged weapons and more you can customize a warrior and a fighting style unique to you.Kingdoms Rise makes fantasy combat something more than grind a earn level-ups. It's not a means to an end but and end in itself. The feeling of steel against steel is made solid. Bringing all tension and thrill as knights wield sword and fire against each other.Read your opponent and try to psych them out in tactical blade dueling.Wield spells such as fireballs, lightening, hook-shots, invisibility and blinks that will work tightly in tandem with your strengths in swordsmanship.This game has been build from the beginning to feel palpable, as though you control every muscle and plant every step. You wont watch a knight perform fancy pants maneuvers from simple button presses, instead you step into the very boots of your character and fight with your own finesse.With deep character customization every fight is unique and every opponent will have a new trick up their sleeve.Experiment with different combinations and strategies to create a knight with a fighting style unique to you alone.Players can form parties with friends and fight in competitive modes. In team games the only limit is your imagination. Your teammates can build themselves into roles such as tanks, damage dealers, supports or any new role you see fit. Think up new strategies, combine spells in interesting ways and achieve victory!Key Features 360° Directional Melee Sword Fighting System Deep Character Customization Wide Range of Magic spells and abilities to use and combine Create a Party with Friends and fight as a Team  Full Controller SupportIn Development DisclaimerThis game is still under construction, there are bugs yet to be fixed, features yet to be added and balance yet to be fine-tuned. Please understand that you WILL encounter bugs and balance issues while the game is still in development! Players of the Early Access builds should expect some features to be 'coming soon' or still under construction.Anyone on the Steam community should be able to tell you that we are constantly refining the game based on the valuable feedback of our early-access players. The game is always taking form, stepping closer to it's potential each day and we hope you will join into the journey and see where this might go!						