
							About This Game
							Damned: A Randomized Online Horror Game - What is Damned? Damned is a randomized online horror game for up to 5 players (4 survivors and 1 monster). You’ll be able to play as one of four people trapped in different haunted places (hotels, hospitals, etc).As a survivor your main objective will be finding your way out, as well as helping your friends get out too. You’ll often find yourself on the edge, hearing and seeing ghostly things, trying to find keys and items to help in your escape. And sometimes you’ll find yourself running desperately from a monster, who’s there only to find and kill you and your friends. You’ll also be able to play as the monster. The game will feature different monsters, each one unique in its gameplay and hunting style.- What kind of horror game is Damned? Damned explores the sense of being defenseless against a powerful supernatural force. The survivors can’t directly affect the monster in any way. When it’s there to get you, your only chance is to run and hide. This perception of being defenseless is very strong, primal and terrifying, it builds up anxiety and makes you really scared, fearing any unexplained noise or movement. This is how Damned creates horror in a multiplayer game session, and we believe it to be super effective! (tested and approved!) - Why is Damned a randomized game? Every stage in Damned is randomized: Almost all the objects in a stage may or may not appear; The item system is fully random too, randomizing which item will appear in the game, and where it'll be; The way to win a match as a survivor is also randomized;Even the stage may trigger random events to scare the survivors inside.- Why is Damned a competitive and cooperative game? Because in a full game, with 4 survivors and 1 monster, there’ll be a survivor “team” cooperating to try and escape together, and at the same time they’ll be competing against a monster, trying to flee from him and deny each one of its attempt to hunt and kill a survivor. - How to play as a survivor? As a survivor you’ll be cooperating with your friends (up to 4 survivors in a single game session): You and your friends will be searching the level for keys and items to help in your escape; Each survivor will have a flashlight that can be turned on and off, helping you see your surroundings, but at the same time letting the monster know where you are; The survivors will be able to manipulate objects throughout the hotel, like drawers, doors, safes, cabinets, wardrobes; Challenge yourself to find the exit and get out alive.- How to play as the monster? As the monster, your game will be all about competing alone against the survivors team. The game will feature different monsters, each one unique in its play style. It's up to you to play a few rounds with each monster and decide which one works best for you.How are you going to hunt and kill the survivors?- Why is Damned worth buying? Because it’s fun! It’s really scary, you’ll find yourself on the edge a lot of times, trying to evade the monster or trying to pay closer attention because you don’t know if the sound you just heard is some random noise or if it is the monster haunting you. It’s a real horror game, it explores deeply the feeling of being completely defenseless against a powerful force that can finish you easily. Your only choice is to run and hide! And also because it’s really fun to play as the monster as well. You’ll keep haunting and building up anxiety in people, making them terribly scared of you. We really put you in the skin of a terrifying monster. - Links and contact: Got any questions and/or suggestions? We want to hear your opinion, please contact us: contact@9heads.comDamned: http://www.damned-game.com9heads Game Studios: http://www.9heads.comFacebook: http://www.facebook.com/9heads Twitter: http://www.twitter.com/9headsGames						