
							About This Game
							“He who fights with monsters should look to it that he himself does not become a monster... When you gaze long into the abyss, the abyss also gazes into you...”Kidnapped. Imprisoned. Tortured. The wizard Irenicus holds you captive in his stronghold, attempting to strip you of the powers that are your birthright.Can you resist the evil within you, forge a legend of heroic proportions, and ultimately destroy the dark essence that haunts your dreams? Or will you embrace your monstrous nature, carve a swath of destruction across the realms, and ascend to godhood as the new Lord of Murder?FeaturesThrone of Bhaal: Travel to Tethyr in this thrilling conclusion to the Bhaalspawn saga, and delve into the treasure-filled halls of Watcher’s Keep!
Fist of the Fallen: Help the Sun Soul Monk Rasaad find peace in his quest for vengeance, and determine the fate of a heretical sect.
A Price Paid in Blood: Join the Blackguard Dorn in carving a swath of destruction across the Realms, as he struggles to appease the increasingly bloody demands of his dark patron.
A Voice in the Dark: Recruit the mysterious Thief Hexxat and take up her mission of retrieving long-lost artifacts from tombs as far away as Zakhara..
In Defense of the Wild: Protect the innocent and stand with Neera the Wild Mage against a ruthless school of Red Wizards.
The Black Pits II - Gladiators of Thay: Explore the tactical depth of high-level Dungeons & Dragons combat. Turn your captors against each other while you dodge traps and battle for your life against Demi-Liches, Mind Flayers, and the legendary Githyanki.
Easy Multiplayer: Baldur's Gate II: Enhanced Edition makes it easy to find, list, and join multiplayer games, even while behind a firewall.
Widescreen and More: Baldur's Gate II: Enhanced Edition features full widescreen support, remastered area artwork from original renders, and a host of other interface and gameplay improvements.
The 1.3 Release: The latest update to Baldur's Gate II: Enhanced Edition fixes hundreds of gameplay issues and adds dozens of new enhancements such as adjustable font sizes, improved party pathfinding, and much, much more.
Note: All translations are text only. Voice-overs are played in English.						