
							About This Software
							ODESI is a music sketchpad that exports your projects to Audio and MIDI Create your next album in OdesiOdesi helps you write hot tracks. It exports the results to Audio and MIDI files, so you can use the final result immediately. The MIDI files you create in Odesi will open perfectly inside Ableton Live, Logic Pro, Reason, Pro Tools, or any other DAW. It doesn’t change your workflow, it just speeds up your creative process because MIDI functions in Odesi are much faster than all music producer software.When you’re done with your Odesi session, you will have a 100% composed track that’s ready for production. All your melodies, basslines and chord progressions will be finished.Here are things you can do:Create music for your bandProduce your own tracks in any genre - House, Trap, Hip Hop, Cinematic, Rock, Pop and everything elseCreate music for your games if you're a game developerCreate blueprints for your vocalists to followCreate backing tracks to play guitar and sing to - it's like having studio musicians follow your every moveSave both the audio files and the MIDI file so you can take your composition and share it with peopleA vault of ideasThe software is designed for pro musicians, but you can learn how to use it even if you don't have much experience with music production. It'll teach you a lot of techniques used by professional producers and composers to make memorable music.Odesi gives you 138 bassline rhythms that you can use in your own compositions. Some of them have resulted in #1 hits for other artists, and other rhythms are relatively unknown. Dig through the basslines and see what sounds good to you - and then, CUSTOMIZE THEM. The goal of the software is to give you starting points and help you generate ideas. Use a huge number of custom sounds designed exclusively for Odesi: Deep Plucky Lead, Flute, Heaven Pluck, Highland House, Huge SuperSaw, Lead Saw, Lead SuperSaw, Little Stabby, Nervous Lead, Noisey Super Saw, Percussive Organ, Phone Home, Pick Saw, Pretty Plucky, Saw and Flute Lead, Saw Lead, Shake Lead, Squawky, Stabby Lead, Static Saw, Stingy Lead, Super Saw Lead, Sync Lead, Throat Lead, Twinkle Lead 70's Organ, Chime Piano, Clavinova, Crystal Synth, Dance Piano, Ele Mallet, Electric Piano, Electro Harp, Electro Organ, Epic Pluck, Focus Synth, Good Pluck, Guitar Synth, Mouse Pluck, Muted Guitar, Organ, Organ Key, Phaser Rhodes, Piano Strings, Poly6, Saw Synth, Sine Pluck, Spikey Synth, Stabby Saw, Steam Harp, Synth Mallet, Synth Mallet 2, Upright Piano, 303, 808 Tone, Analog Bass, Bass Electric Piano, Bass Piano, Chirp Bass, Deep and Low, Deep Pluck, Deep Thud, Dirty Made, Electric Bass, Electric Monster, Fox with Me, Funk Dist, Future Bass, Hard Edge, Hard Electro Bass, Hard Pluck, Hard Pluck 2, Heaven Pluck, Kick Bass, Low Brass Bass, Mellow Pluck, Ollie Bass, Organ Bass, Percussive Bass, Plucker Up, Sub Bass, Upright Bass, Wub Bass, Wubby U and many more.Save your results to MIDI and Audio FilesVisit the OFFICIAL ODESI WEBSITE to see how Odesi will help your music production.Use the secret sauceWe analyzed thousands of songs from top producers and realized that the same techniques have been used for many years. If you know the secret sauce, you can produce a track that will have people listening for years. Odesi will help you discover what other people have done, and you can decide how to use that knowledge for your own music.See the videos in the HOW-TO GUIDE and TOP HITS, ANALYZED. Check out what techniques were used by Daft Punk, Avicii, Faithless, Major Lazer and many more to create hits.Any quesitons?Ask us in the Steam Community forums.We're open to your feedback. -Yakov						