
							About This Game
							Discovery of a new Goldilocks planet has led to the creation of a new type of army: One that is made of metal and steel. One that can’t feel pain or fear. One that is said to be our only hope against a possible alien invasion. Sadly, even with all the technological advancements available to future governments, they are not fully in control of the machines… The bot-mageddon is coming and it will be up to one our brightest scientists to help us against the inevitable.The robo-tastic but slightly longer description:  Iron Soul is the unpredictable fusion of 3rd person shooting and fast platforming in a story driven, 3D action game. To make it happen, the team drew inspiration from various old school 3rd person titles we all know and love (Name dropping MDK!). Such elements are reinvigorated within an industrial setting full of mad robots, unknown voices and mysterious compounds. It has been a long, two year journey for both the project and its protagonist, H-25 but we are finally there. Now we must stand united to withstand the force of upcoming threat, commenly known as bot-mageddon! Features list for list fans: * Mechanical Tales: Two story-focused campaigns (Though more like 1.5) that tell the tale of one robot invasion as well as the strange interferences our hero and his mentor suffer from during their journey.* Machine Perfect Controls: Fluid action and movement controls for intense robot battles and tight air jumps. This is one bot-mageddon that’s full of shooting, platforming and of course, mild puzzle-solving challenges. * Cunning Enemies:  Uniquely designed enemies that can come from the sky, ground or even underground in the most robo-tacular fashion, forcing you to choose your weapon (And tactics) wisely. * Fallen World: Various environments from outdoor valleys to underground military bases have come to life thanks to the power of UDK. The levers are fully optimized and hold many challenges and secrets. * Crazy Voices: Full voice acting for all characters... excluding our main hero of course. After all, he is (allegedly) supposed to be a silent protagonist.						