
							About This Game
							Step into a magical land unlike any other!Villagers and Heroes is a free-to-play MMO game in which players experience the thrill of battling unique monsters, the satisfaction of crafting powerful weapons and gear, and the pleasure of building lasting friendships in a friendly community.Gnomish Augmentation = Sandbox Gameplay.This unique feature is at the heart of the deep yet elegantly simple player choice system in Villagers & Heroes.  The weapons and armor that a player equips not only grant a versatile assortment of heroic feats and spells, but also a large array of proficiencies and augmented abilities. The process of Gnogmenting gives the players the ability to mix, match, swap, replace, customize and design gear exactly how they want! Combine ancient elder gear with remarkable weaponry dropped from the monsters of the world. Or craft your own gear using any or all of the 10 gathering and crafting skills available. Gnogmenting is a completely free-form, sandbox system that is unmatched by any other game in its depth, and lets players test every tactic and indulge every creative whim.Bounty Runs!Bounties are powerful adversaries and monsters that roam every corner of the world. When a player defeats a bounty monster, they earn a large reward, regardless of the size of their party! Solo the beasties by yourself, or rampage across the countryside with a group of friends. Bounty rewards are instantaneous and do not require activation.  This feature encourages teamwork and strategy.Live in a Real Home in a Real Village.You are the architect, the farmer, and the rancher. With a wide range of building styles to choose from, players can design and decorate their own houses, as well as choose which crops to plant in their garden, or select the type of animals they'd most like to raise. But players needn't go at it alone! Help your village grow from a tiny hamlet to a thriving metropolis by aiding your neighbors with community projects which will ultimately benefit every member of the village.Features8 Primary Combat Class Builds, with a myriad of meaningful variations10 Crafting Professions: Fishing, Mining, Bug Collecting, Plant Lore, Woodcrafting, Smithing, Cooking, Tailoring, Gardening, and RanchingGardening and Ranching:  hundreds of different crops, sheep, pigs, chickens, and exotics like ember sheep, shadow sheep, etc.Bounty Runs!  Now with over 1500 unique bounties.Real player housing with dozens of decoration optionsReal Villages that can be leveled up by all members of the Village with better facilities (Forge, Tailory, Kitchen, Woodshop), opening new neighborhoods with housing for more players, mayors, a shared vault, stocking village resources, and more...Gnogmenting: Combine crafted gear and elder gear from defeating lair bosses and rare randomly found exotic gear for an unlimited number of combinations of functionality and appearanceAuction House with thriving in-game economyHundreds of Magical Spells, Heroic Feats, and AbilitiesMore than 1000 Quests and ChartersPress Coverage“Free for All: Villagers and Heroes adds Bells, Whistles, and more Sand” -- Massively, Feb 26 2014“Villagers and Heroes Review – It’s Expansion Time!” -- OnRPG, Mar 19 2014“The Stream Team: Checking out Villagers and Heroes' new client” -- Massively, Feb 24 2014“Massively’s Third Annual Frindie Awards” -- Massively, Jan 1 2014						