
							About This Game
							Part fighter, part brawler and made from pure awesomeness, Lost Saga is an action-packed beat-em-up styled game that will take your skills and push them to their max! Switch from over 60 heroes on the fly, letting you create an endless amount of combos! Game Modes•	Deathmatch – An 8 player free-for-all where you fight for the top spot! •	Team Match – A 4v4 styled Deathmatch mode where coordination counts. •	Prisoner – Hog-tie your enemies and free your allies in this team oriented mode. •	Champion – A classic 1v1 arcade-styled fighter! •	Power Stone – Protect your team’s stone, while destroying your enemy’s! •	Boss Raid – Transform into a massive boss and destroy all of your foes! •	Faction War – Opposing forces clash together! Which team will you side with? •	Faction Elite – The best teams from Faction War compete amongst each other! •	Crusade – Journey with your friend into an epic labyrinth of doom! •	Adventure – An evil claims the land, travel with your friends to rid the corruption! (Coming Soon). Key Features:Over 60 Unique HeroesAn ever-growing roster of Heroes that range from the legendary King Arthur, to the infamous Robin Hood, there's no telling which Heroes you'll choose to master first! Pick between melee, magical, or ranged heroes to duke it out with your friends and enemies! Hero Switch CombosTired of being limited to one combo skillset? In Lost Saga, every Hero has their own skills and combos. Swap your Heroes in and out in mid combo, unleashing a dizzying amount of chain combos! What kind of combinations will you create? Character UpgradesLevel up each of your characters and choose what each of their strengths will be! Create a lightning fast Kage Ninja or create a rampaging Barbarian, the choice is yours! Mix and Match GearsYou are what you wear! Each character has four basic Gear (armor, helmet, weapon and trinket) that form their basic skill set. You aren't limited to those skills though, as you can equip gear from other Heroes, creating your own custom tailored Hero!						