
							About This Game
							Experience legendary American trucks and deliver various cargoes across sunny California, sandy Nevada, and the Grand Canyon State of Arizona. American Truck Simulator takes you on a journey through the breathtaking landscapes and widely recognized landmarks around the States.Game mechanics are based on the highly successful model from Euro Truck Simulator 2 and have been expanded with new features, creating the most captivating game experience from SCS Software.American Truck Simulator puts you in the seat of a driver for hire entering the local freight market, making you work your way up to become an owner-operator, and go on to create one of the largest transportation companies in the United States.Features Drive highly detailed truck models officially licensed from iconic truck manufacturers. Your truck is your new home. Make it yours by changing cabins, chassis, paintjobs, adding tuning accessories or more powerful engines. Lots of different cargoes to choose: From food to machinery to hazard cargoes. Multiple types of trailers – from reefers to flatbeds, from dumpers to lowboys and goosenecks. The longest trailers (up to 53 ft) will challenge your skills and patience while hauling and during parking. Deliver your cargoes to a rich variety of companies and locations like refineries, oil storage, gas stations, car factories, or roadworks. Various simulation settings for trucking enthusiasts: Air brake simulation; different types of brakes: retarder, Jake brake, trailer brake; multiple types of transmissions straight from real trucks, brake intensity, and more. Feel like inside a real cabin: Adjust your seat, mirrors and position your head to get the best view of the road. Drive safely, follow the rules and speed limits – police will fine you if you aren't careful! Ensure that you are not delivering overweight cargo – you may be checked at the weigh scales. Use the route adviser as your personal assistant during the travels. Try the life of a truck driver for hire. By delivering the cargoes safely and improving your skills, become the owner of your own, successful company! Build your own fleet of trucks, buy garages, hire drivers, manage your company for maximum profits. Make your trucking time better by listening to your favorite songs via built-in music player or streaming your favorite radio stations. Capture your favorite moments with a photo mode offering rich set of editing options. Great support for steering wheels, gamepads and other input devices. Long-time support of the game, including new features. Obtain challenging Steam achievements and collect all hand-painted Steam trading cards.World of TrucksTake advantage of additional features of American Truck Simulator by joining our online community on World of Trucks, our center for virtual truckers all around the world interested in Euro Truck Simulator 2, American Truck Simulator and future SCS Software's truck simulators. Use in-game Photo Mode to capture the best moments and share them with thousands of people who love trucks.Favorite the images you like the most and return to them anytime in the future.Discuss the screenshots with everyone using World of Trucks.See the best images hand-picked by the game creators in Editor's Pick updated almost every day. Try to get your own screenshot on this list!Upload and use your custom avatar and license plate in the game.More features coming soon!To join World of Trucks, simply sign up with your Steam account on the join page. You will need to own American Truck Simulator or Euro Truck Simulator 2 to join World of Trucks.World of Trucks is an optional service, registration on World of Trucks isn't required to play the game.						