
							About This Game
							Imagine taking the perfect online gaming experience and one of the most popular Worms games ever made, adding a touch of Steam achievements, leaderboards, cloud saves, full controller support; a little sprinkle of 1080p / 60FPS, all rounded off with enhanced weapon sounds effects and an improved frontend.  And you have Worms World Party Remastered.With both single player and up to 6 players leading their worms into manic multiplayer mayhem, this unique, wacky, outrageous, addictive and deadly (to Worms anyway) combat game is remastered and ready for action.FEATURES:Access the fantastic "Wormpot" which gives you over 1000 different game styles. All modes are available offline, online, or a mixture of both!Over 20 Multiplayer missions: players can now team up with a buddy to tackle cooperative missions where working together is the only way to twin. Alternatively, check out the competitive missions and fight in specially prepared scenarios.Single player and multiplayer, 2-6 players either local or online.It’s a veritable feast with nearly 60 weapons, ranging from the relatively calorie-free bazooka to the full fat concrete Donkey. Oh man!If you’re late to the party scene, don’t worry. Our friendly training section will soon have you dancing with the rest of us.Shiny 1080p graphics with 60 fpsEnhanced weapon sound effectsCloud SavesFull Controller SupportSteam LeaderboardsSteam AchievementsMODES:Quickstart Game - get to play quickly with predefined team and weapon set against AI (Wormbots).Training - host different disciplines in which to train. You work against the clock.Missions - ranged between easy and hard. Custom terrains for won missions unlock for normal games.Time Attack - Missions but with different ways to complete them. The player must figure out which one is the fastest.Deathmatch challenge – similar to normal games. Player take on a number of computer teams in an ever-increasing spiral of difficulty. Rewards given to high ranked teams.						