
							About This Game
							FRITZ CHESS 14! The Ultimate Chess SoftwarePlay against FRITZ or play online at playchess.comFRITZ CHESS 14 is the most comprehensive chess program in the world. Whether you are new to the game or a Grandmaster, FRITZ 14 is suitable for all skill levels!The top-ranked Fritz Chess engine adjusts its playing strength automatically, offers coaching at all levels, explanation of chess positions, color coded danger warnings, openings statistics, automatic game analysis and training modules for openings, tactics and endgames. Whether you’re a chess beginner, club player or professional Grandmaster, FRITZ CHESS 14 has it all!Take your game into the cloud at playchess.com and enter a virtual world of chess where players of all abilities can play and train using revolutionary new functions! -- not to mention a database of over 1.5 MILLION games! JOIN THE COMMUNITY! Take advantage of “Let’s Check,” a database of over 200 Million extensively analyzed positions. This is a revolutionary new feature that allows players to join a giant, worldwide, community knowledge base for chess. Whenever you analyze a position in depth FRITZ 14 can send the main line and evaluation to a central server, to be shared by all participating users. Get deep analysis instantly for almost every position you analyze by the finest chess engines, running on the most powerful machines around. You will see the analysis of different chess engines and compare their results in the blink of an eye!  This feature is available until December 31, 2015.FRITZ CHESS 14 offers chess players all the world class tools they need to study, train, and play: a new and more powerful chess engine, a further enhanced ergonomic interface, detailed 3D boards and graphics, engine management, adjustable playing strength, coach functions, move explanation, game analysis and commentary, training modules for openings, tactics and endgames!Key Features:New and improved Fritz 14 engine (64 and 32 bit)6 months Premium membership to Playchess.com, the world’s largest online chess community. Play, train and watch online1.5 Million games databaseLet’s Check! Database access to over 200 million extensively analyzed positions through December 201518 different 3D chessboards, animated 3D opponents, 9 2D chessboards, 5 sets of 2D piecesComplete video course by Andrew Martin: “The Two Knights – A Tricky Repertoire for White“Play in Friend Mode, get hints and spy Enjoy the Engine Match: Let the engines battle it out and just watch them crush each other!						