
							About This Content
							The famous General Electric ‘U-Boat’ comes to Train Simulator in two distinctive Seaboard liveries.General Electric introduced its “Universal Series” diesel road-switchers in 1959, and over the following two decades more than 3,500 “U-Boats” - as the locomotives were nicknamed – were constructed. The final and most  powerful four-axle (B-B) model in GE’s U-Boat line was the 3,600-horsepower U36B built from 1969 through 1974.   Constructed primarily for the Seaboard Coast Line (which owned 108 of the total 125 built), the U36B was put to work on SCL’s fastest and heaviest freight hauls, but it was also versatile enough to handle almost any duty. Seaboard Coast Line was merged into the Seaboard System Railroad in 1982 and SCL’s fleet of U36Bs continued to serve in mainline duty into the 1990s, after which a number found further work on U. S. short lines.  The GE U36B for Train Simulator is available in Seaboard Coast Line and Seaboard System liveries. Features of the model include EMD-style Blomberg trucks as were used on all SCL’s U36Bs, rear headlight control, gyralight control, forward headlight control and classification lights. Accompanying the U36B are SCL’s noted yellow-liveried covered hoppers and a Seaboard Coast Line M-5 caboose, each of which are ideally suited for service with this historic  U-boat.The locomotive is also Quick Drive compatible, giving you the freedom to drive the Seaboard U36B on any Quick Drive enabled route for Train Simulator, such as those available through Steam. Also included are scenarios specifically for the Miami – West Palm Beach route (available separately and required to play these scenarios).ScenariosThree scenarios for the Miami – West Palm Beach route:	Highball to Hialeah	Better Hop to It – Part 1	Better Hop to It – Part 2More scenarios are available on Steam Workshop online and in-game. Train Simulator’s Steam Workshop scenarios are free and easy to download, adding many more hours of exciting gameplay. With scenarios being added daily, why don’t you check it out now!Click here for Steam Workshop scenarios.Key Features	GE U36B in Seaboard Coast Line and Seaboard Systems liveries	Rear headlight control	Gyralight control	Forward headlight control	Classification lights	SCL three-bay covered  hopper and SCL M-5 caboose	Quick Drive compatible	Scenarios for the Miami – West Palm Beach route	Download size: 146mb						