
							About This Software
							Central to each of Tremor's 8 synthesis engines is a specialized percussion oscillator with a sub-oscillator and tuned noise source. These are sculpted by modelled drive/filter/FX sections and razor-sharp envelopes to produce diverse kicks, snares, claps and hats alongside zaps, scrapes, textures and sounds that defy classification.HighlightsSynthetic drum machine softwareDCAM-modelled synthesis and FXSpecialised oscillator with drumskin vibration partialsFiltering and drive with multiple responsesDeep, intuitive TransMod modulation systemPolyrhythmic pattern step-sequencerVST, AU, RTAS, AAX and standalone for Mac and Windows8-PARTIAL HARMONIC OSCTremor's specialized 8-partial oscillator is designed to produce a huge range of electronic percussion sounds, from x0x-esque beats to futuristic machines and undiscovered sonic terrain. The spacing, emphasis and roll-off of partials can be modulated for amazing effects that mimic real-world physics with the sonic character of analogue-modelled synthesizer circuits.PERCUSSIVE MOVEMENTThe TransMod modulation system in Tremor is easier and deeper than a mod-matrix. It offers new sound design possibilities and lets you animate synthesis and FX parameters with LFOs, step-automation sequences, real-time macro controls and more.INSPIRING POLYRHYTHMSTremor's sequencer features 24 patterns with each containing a track for the 8 synthesis engines. Tracks can feature different numbers of steps for evolving polyrhythms and exploration of new percussive territory. Each step in each track features velocity and probability while the timing of each engine can also be multiplied or divided. Assignable graphs feature parameter sequencing that is fed into the TransMod modulation system.SYNTHETIC PLAYGROUNDAs well as the specialized oscillator, Tremor contains other features designed for ultimate versatility in percussive synthesis. Each synth engine provides repeat triggering, audio-rate FM, multiple drive stages and lush tuned noise with modulated band-pass filtering. The resonant filter self-oscillates for classic kicks, blips and zaps and the wide range of responses provides an infinite variety of timbres. Further filtering, compression, distortion, delay, frequency-shifting, granular freezing and much more can be applied and TransMod-modulated in the 3-slot FX section.PLUG IN NOWTremor works as a standalone application or VST/AU/RTAS/AAX plugin on Mac and Windows, so it's ready to fire up in your audio environment of choice. Its diverse output is perfect for original sound and effect design as well as all kinds of electronic, urban and experimental music.						