
							About This Game
							This is an early ALPHA release of MISCREATED. The current feature set is limited, but will be increased as development continues. You will experience issues during gameplay - incomplete features, bugs, game crashes, performance issues, and even complete character wipes.Nobody knows what started the Final War — it was over too fast, fought with the last of the belligerent nations’ nuclear stockpiles, and the ones who pulled the triggers didn’t survive. It was the Final War because after that there was really nobody left who wanted to fight; we were all too busy surviving. Half a century of wars using nukes, bioweapons, nanoweapons, and even kinetic-kill weapons, gave us the Empty World: population 100 million and falling fast. Who’s to blame? Depends on who you are, but you could just as easily blame the weapons industry; by the end, virtually every arms dealer in the world was owned by Amalgamated Corporation; while everyone was fighting they’d been buying up what Karl Marx used to call “the means of production,” and in the end missiles on both sides proudly wore the AC label. Hell, in the end AC made just about everything, AC Sportsdrinks, AC Icecream, AC Battlegear, even AC Happytabs. I miss those. AC even gave us our wonderful mutant problem; the “vaccine” they developed when radiation sickness became as common as seasonal pneumonia from all those dirty battlefields — all the weapons-grade isotopes getting into the water table, or the fish, or the air — reacted with some of the leftover bioweapons and made lots of people go as squirrely as tab-pumped cannibals. You can ignore a neighbor developing neo-elephantitis or novuleprosy, but when he tries to eat you, you’ve got to take an interest. So that’s it, we’re done, civilization is taking a breather. In 2089, anyone left alive and unmutated is just focused on staying that way. There are stories of enclaves here and there, where they’re lucky enough to have plenty of food stockpiled and mutants are thin on the ground or there’s lots of ammunition to throw at them. My advice is find one. Or make one. The Earth abides, all this too shall pass away, and if Darwin blesses you then you or your kids will inherit what’s left. For now, it’s one day at a time.Current Features in the Early Access ReleaseOnly a portion of the current map is available to play on.  We will expand it as fast as we can.Base Building:Completely freeform basebuilding system - the Miscreated basebuilding system is different from all of the other existing survival games available and it gives you total control to make as complex and pretty of a base as you want. This is not the typical, snap-together Lego style system other games have.Over 100 different parts are currently available for your base, with more coming soon.Several different categories (with many subcategories and types) of parts available - wood, sand, tires, powered. Metal to be added in a future patch.Anyone can interact with your base - repair parts, turn lights on/off, open/close unlocked doors, turn generators on/off.  Non-clan members cannot alter the structure of your base - add/remove parts, attach/detach parts to power.Find crafting guides to learn more advanced basebuilding recipes.  You can also find someone that knows a part's recipe you don't and politely ask them to make the part for you.Join a clan to have fellow clan members help you build your base.Basebuilding restrictions - bases cannot be placed in towns or some other key areas to prevent griefing in those areas.  Other players also cannot build bases very close to your base.Pack up and move undamaged parts - if damaged, you can repair them first, or you can dismantle damaged parts to get one of the crafting materials back.Damaged states for parts - at each 25% damage the color of a damaged part will darken more.Clans:Clans are persistent (remembered between server restarts and logging in/out) and per server.Clans can be created, disbanded, and you can invite other players to your clan by targeting them and using the mouse wheel option.Invited players can decline an invite or accept it.Clan owner can promote other clan members to be a clan captain, so they can invite new, or remove existing, clan members.For this release, all clan members can alter the structure of any clan owned bases.  In a future release there will be more specific permission controls added.VoIP:In-game VoIP with distance attenuationVehicles:Five vehicles are currently fully functional in the game.  Scavenge for parts to get them running!Crafting:A basic crafting system is implemented allowing you to make more powerful melee weapons and items such as advanced bandages.  The crafting system is being expanded as the game progresses.Realistic Bullet Physics:Bullet trajectory will change based on gravity, air resistance, and wind.Random EncountersEncounters can be spawned dynamically and located anywhere on the map.Dynamic Item SpawnsWeapons and items will usually be found in logical places, but can also be found anywhere in the world. Be sure to check everywhere for items – lockers, stoves, cupboards, and many more. Some appliances can be opened to look inside.Persistent CharactersYour character’s stats and items will be saved when you exit the game. When you log back in, you will have your health, items and location all restored.Comprehensive Inventory SystemStore items on your character and collect weapons, ammo and other useful items.  You can also find additional items to increase the amount of storage space your character has – like backpacks, shirts, and pants.Food and Water SystemsKeep your hunger and water levels up in order for your character to function at maximum efficiency. Low levels of food and hunger have a negative impact on your character’s performance.PermadeathWhen you die all of the items you were carrying stay with your character’s corpse.  Other player’s can take them, or you can retrieve them yourself if they are still there when you get back to the corpse.Free-for-all PVPKill anyone at anytime and steal their loot. There are no safe zones.  However, it will be very beneficial in the long run to make a few friends.Dynamic Weather SystemRain, fog, wind, and other weather patterns are all dynamically generated and will create unique game play opportunities.  The intensity of weather patterns will also be supported – from light fog to dense fog, for example.Full Day/Night CyclesCharge in during the day or wait until night time for a sneaky approach. The game features a real 24 hour clock based on the location of the server you are playing on.First and Third Person Camera ViewsSwitch views based on personal preference						