
							About This Game
							Legends of Persia is a highly ambitious Action RPG Adventure which incorporating bloody battles, item usage, character building, and storyline incorporation. The storyline revolves around Keykhosro, the son of the Persian prince Siavosh, who in the name of his father’s blood seeks to take revenge upon Afrasiab, the king of Tooran. Throughout the game, the character will face difficult challenges to overcome, such as defeating massive waves of enemies, encountering difficult bosses, and finally dealing with Afriasiab, his father’s killer.Game Mechanics5 attractive locations and more than 200 weapons and items to use, ‘Legends Of Persia’ is packed full of features! The game will also include 3 different hero characters, and lots of unique challenging enemies. Already a thriving and popular game on Steam Greenlight, prepare to get blown away with the addictive gameplay and fantastic graphics!Key Features•	Wide Range of Magic spells and abilities to use •	Hundreds of items •	Menacing boss battles •	3 characters to choose from. •	Experience the dramatic events between seasons through a brand new original story! •	Built from the ground up to support modding (editor will be available soon )•	Ongoing free updates ( upcoming updates will be free charge for customers who purchase this game )•	Many expansions available post-release.StoryAt the height of the glorious Persian king KayKavoos' reign, he had dominance over half the lands of his age. Seeking to cement his legend, he looked next to conquering the heavens.Lashing a great sky chariot to four mighty birds, the lord of Persia ascended far above the earth.Before the king's ambition could be fully realized, an angel appeared to quell his flight. But as the celestial creature prepared to strike down the Persian king, the glowing spirit of a child materialized.“Stay your hand, angel! I am KayKhosro, this great king's yet-unborn son. If you destroy this man for his arrogance now, you destroy me! To rob him of his present would be to rob me of my future.”The angel paused, considered the spirit's words, and sent the zealous King's chariot crashing down to the realm of Earth from whence it came.“I am forbidden from severing your bloodline, and have returned your ancestor to his kingdom alive, but the burdens upon you are heavy, indeed.”The angel embraced the spirit child, imparting these words.“You will be born into an age of conflict, your ancestors beset upon each other with steel and cruelty, and your people will look to you for guidance. One day, evil will descend upon the borders of Persia, and you must be ready.Now, rest, child. Your time has yet to come...”						