
							About This Game
							(This game was already launched last year on Desura and Gamersgate with the name "Dungeon Gate".)There is no better disguise than to look exactly like your enemies! Dysan: The Shapeshifter is a RPG that gives the opportunity to the player to assume the form and abilities of all creatures he encounters along his journey. This in order to have clear advantages in battles and ultimately complete the game successfully.Imagine approaching a horde of mummies, giant scarabs, slimes or any opponents of the game then shapeshifting, put yourself directly in the center of the group and passes unnoticed as one of thereof. As your energy allows you, you can use their special abilities, powers and weapons. This unique way of playing will delight the whole gamer’s community.The game Dysan: The Shapeshifter does not offer the player to select a class, but instead to train the abilities of enemies he takes form from. This game mechanic offers a huge deal of skills, weapons and special powers.In addition, Dysan: The Shapeshifter offers the player an “old school vibe” experience. It is reflected in the way the map is built and how the player interacts with it; on how the fight mechanic is designed and how the art direction has been thought.  • RPG / Adventure game• Huge open world to explore and a variety of dungeons with traps, puzzles and exciting fighting challenges • More than 30 characters to drain and to make evolve• Ability to make evolve each character to 30th level. • Over 25 hours of gameplay • Mini-gamesStoryOnce upon a time... The story is set in the besieged world of Barrilian which has been devastated by a dragons’ horde. In a small pillaged and left to burn village, no one was spared. No one but two new-born. One of them was recovered by the dragons and the other by a mysterious mage ...20 years later, a horrible tyrant took over the destiny of Barrilian, forcing its population to slavery by using his influence over dragons to establish his terrible kingdom. Excavating mines to extract precious magic stones in favor of their tormentor, Barrilian inhabitants helplessly witnessing the dictator getting more and more powerful. However, a young man named Dysan could help change everything...						