
							About This Game
							Fractured Space is an award winning free-to-play space combat game. Fight solo in PvE, in co-op or 5-v-5 PvP. Brought to life in the stunning Unreal Engine 4, giants of interstellar conflict fight in spectacular close quarter battles for dominance.Pick a manufacturer, choose a class and customize your weapon loadouts. Through experience you gain the right to command more ships while earning credits to add them to your fleet. Tailor your craft to your combat preferences with crew and weapon loadout options then take on your specialized role when your interstellar juggernaut warps into battle. You captain a vessel of unmatched combat authority choosing from an ever increasing number of specialised galactic warships. Understand your own capabilities and that of your team before taking the fight to the enemy. Experience will expand your ability to choose which victories to chase and how to then leverage them. Mastery of a single ship is your first step, dominance in the war for space coming as your knowledge increases. The composition of your team's fleet is vital to your success. Battles may be fought with firepower but they are won with wits. Your team of five will face an equally prepared, equally skilled, equally ambitious opponent in a ceaselessly transforming fight for control. Your plans will evolve, tactics will shift but as a team you will emerge triumphant. Your individual prowess may be significant but it insignificant next to well organised communication, support and teamwork. Join us as we throw open our doors on development of a groundbreaking space combat experience. The discussion on strategy is endless; share your war stories, learn from others and become a part of the Fractured Space universe.Fractured Space is space combat fought in gigantic capital ships. "...the final product may well be one of the best space combat games ever made" - PCGamesNEach multiplayer match offers intense team battles combining deadly individual fights with larger team strategy. Use your ship's unique abilities and weapons to exploit enemy weakness and control the map by working with your team to obliterate opponents. Combining the intensity of a shooter and carefully timed tactics, Fractured Space is at the forefront of an exciting new frontier for the genre. Fractured Space has launched but is still very much under development. The game will evolve over time, and you’ll see improvements and additions to the game as they happen. We’re keen to bring you along every step of the way and operate under an Open Development ethic. We're throwing open the doors to the studio, with regular updates from the team, sharing assets at varying degrees of completion, and even keeping you in the loop with our sprint plans. For the latest ship concepts, developer logs and other news check out our official website.If you want to talk through ideas for next steps, ask questions regarding design choices or simply hang out with the team and other members of the Fractured Space community join us every Thursday evening between 19:00 and 21:00 UTC on Twitch.						