
							About This Content
							The Hawk first entered service with the RAF in 1976, both as an advanced flying-training aircraft and a weapons-training aircraft. The Hawk T1 version is currently used at RAF Valley for fast-jet pilot advanced flying training with No 208(R) Squadron, and at RAF Scampton by the RAF Aerobatic Team, the Red Arrows.The T1A is used for weapons and tactical training on No 19(R) Squadron at RAF Valley, and by No 100 Squadron at RAF Leeming for advanced fast-jet weapons systems officer training and operational support-flying. In its weapons and tactical training role the Hawk is used to teach air combat, air-to-air firing, air-to-ground firing and low-flying techniques and operational procedures.The team at VEAO Simulations have carefully re-created every detail of the exterior and cockpit of the Hawk, with assistance from real life Hawk pilots and ground crew, to give you the virtual experience of sitting in the real jet.The Hawk cockpit is as realistic as sitting in the jet itself. Every switch is clickable, every dial has a function and every gauge reads exactly how the aircraft is performing.Tool-tips show when you hover over a switch or dial to help you learn the function of the cockpit. Each switch and dial can be mapped to keyboard, joystick or a HOTAS system.Full cockpit familiarization training missions are included to help you learn each function of the aircraft.A high quality, External Flight Model (EFM) is included that has been flight tested by actual Hawk pilots.KEY FEATURES:Accurate and highly detailed 3D interactive cockpit featuring six-degrees-of-freedom (6DOF) technology compatible with head-tracking devices and Oculus Rift.Accurate modelling of the Hawk HUD, instruments, gauges and dials.High fidelity accurate Advanced Systems Modelling (ASM) such as electrical, fuel, hydraulics, oxygen, pressurisation and air conditioning, temperature control, pitot-static, AHRS, lighting and weapons system modelled to detailed schematics.Highly detailed Hawk external 3D model and liveries.Fully interactive, comprehensive training missions make learning to fly the Hawk easier.Armament includes: AIM-9M Sidewinders, bombs, practice bombs, rocket pods and gun pod.Highly detailed damage model.High quality, external flight model tested by Hawk pilots.“As a current Royal Navy aggressor pilot operating the Hawk T1, I was offered the opportunity to test the VEAO Hawk simulator. I was initially sceptical of how accurate the modelling would be of the handling and the jet engine response. To say I was impressed would be an understatement. I found the controls and aircraft responses accurate. The flight model performs as well as the full motion simulator used by the RAF. Flying in formation was easy and very similar to the real thing. I was extremely impressed by the headset integration and immediately felt operational pilots could benefit from training on this software.In short, the VEAO Hawk is more than a game and comparable to a military grade full motion simulator. In fact, I would even go so far as to say the terrain graphics are higher fidelity whilst flying at low level.”- Lt Cdr Matt Deavin RNR, Hawk Pilot, Fast Jet Qualified Weapons InstructorThe DCS: Hawk plugs in seamlessly into the modular DCS: World framework, allowing you to fly the Hawk in a dynamic, fully realized combat environment, with and against capable air and ground threats. This module ships with Training and Singleplayer missions.ABOUT DCS WORLDDigital Combat Simulator World (DCS World) is a free-to-play digital battlefield game, focusing on a military aircraft, ground unit, and naval simulation. It includes a FREE TF-P1D Mustang and a Su-25T attack aircraft. DCS World includes a vast mission area of the Caucasus region that encompasses much of Georgia - the location of the 2008 conflict. Further maps will be available in 2015.Additionally, DCS World includes: Powerful mission and campaign editors Multiplayer Massive inventory of air, land and sea combat units and weapons Advanced AI Fast mission generator Dynamic weather and seasons Training missions Mission replay system Pilot log bookThis all allows the creation of engaging, real-world combat missions in this flashpoint region. DCS is a true "sandbox" simulation that can and will cover multiple time periods covering many types of combat and civilian units. DCS World allows both realistic game play and more relaxed game play to suit the player. Download DCS World for free from: www.dcs-world.comAbout The Fighter CollectionThe Fighter Collection, as well as developing software for the entertainment and serious game markets, also operates, rebuilds and maintains Europe's largest collection of airworthy WWII fighters and is based at Duxford Airfield, in the UK. For more information visit our websites: http://www.fighter-collection.com/						