
							About This Game
							Dinosaurs have been resurrected from extinction on a remote tropical island. Now they have escaped, and a team of elite mercenaries has been dispatched to remove the threat. The stage is set for the ultimate battle between man and beast. Will you hunt down human prey as a variety of legendary prehistoric creatures? Or join the mercenary team and make these bloodthirsty beasts extinct for the second time? The real question is... can you survive?BIGGER. BETTER. MORE.Primal Carnage: Extinction takes the successful formula of the original game and reinvigorates it with more dinosaurs, more game modes and more maps! Also featuring improved graphics, overhauled gameplay mechanics, re-imagined levels and greater customization that lets you play your own way.INTENSE DINO GAMEPLAYUnleash your inner dinosaur as you take control of the deadliest predators the world has ever known. Choose from 10 unique dinosaur classes with specialized roles, from sneaky spitters to towering tyrants, all ruthless and very hungry.SPECIALIZED HUMAN CLASSESSurvive the island as one of 5 distinct human classes, each with their own special abilities to help the team. Use a wide variety of devastating weaponry and gadgets to take down your scaly foes.MULTIPLE MODES OF CARNAGEFight to the top of the food chain in Team Deathmatch.Work together to reach rescue, or ensure the humans never leave the island in the objective-based Get to the Chopper. Challenge yourself to a never-ending onslaught of AI dinos in Survival co-op.  Stalk the humans as an invisible raptor or band together to take it down in Hunt mode.Steal eggs from dinosaur nests or protect your unhatched babies in Capture The Egg.DIVERSE ENVIRONMENTSWage over the top prehistoric warfare in a variety of environments, ranging from lush tropical jungles, to perilous mountaintops, to abandoned labs. Some maps feature blizzards and environmental hazards such as acid pits, so guns and teeth aren't the only things to worry about.LOOT SYSTEMExtinction supports the Steam Economy. Obtain a variety of skins and accessories for human and dinosaur alike through the in-game store & drop system. There is now a crafting system to convert lower tier items into even more valuable cosmetics. Players can also choose to trade items on the Steam MarketplaceWORKSHOP SUPPORTPlayers can now create their own maps and cosmetics for submission to the Extinction Workshop page. All items will be curated and have a chance of being officially added to Primal Carnage: Extinction!						