
							About This Content
							The Virtual New Haven Railroad Springfield Line brings to life the 1950s glory days of the famed New Haven (NYNH&H) Railroad – and glorious it is! Extending from Springfield, Massachusetts to New Haven, Connecticut, this highly authentic Train Simulator route represents 62 miles of multiple-track, densely-packed mainline railroading bustling with a mix of New Haven passenger, through freight, local freight, and switching activity. In the 1950s, the NYNH&H’s Springfield-Hartford-New Haven corridor was a busy center of New England manufacturing, and the line offers countless opportunities for serving those industries with local and switching operations. Plus, the route’s many beautiful lineside stations (including large stations at Springfield, Hartford, and New Haven) provide for classic-era passenger railroading at its best. In addition to re-creating New Haven’s Springfield main line, the route includes a variety of adjoining branch lines and spurs, such as New Haven’s branch to Suffield and Windsor Locks, its Bloomfield/Griffin branch, the quarry line at Meriden, extensive industrial trackage around Hartford, and New Haven’s Mill River branch. Major freight yard and terminal facilities exist at Springfield, Hartford, and New Haven, keynoted by New Haven’s famously massive, 880-acre Cedar Hill Yard, which was the largest terminal complex in New England.The Virtual New Haven Railroad Springfield Line features a trio of locomotives from America’s three dominant diesel builders – the versatile GP9 from Electro-Motive; Alco’s 1,000-horsepower S-2 switcher; and General Electric’s diminutive 44-tonner. Together, the locomotives are perfectly suited for a variety of duties and are provided in a total of seven livery variations.The route includes an extraordinary selection of 1950s freight and passenger rolling stock including more than a dozen freight car types (many in multiple liveries and with various loads) ranging from boxcars to gondolas to tank cars to TOFC flats. New Haven’s distinctive NE-5 class caboose is included in three liveries, and three passenger car types (heavyweight baggage and coach and distinctive Osgood-Bradley lightweight coaches, all in multiple liveries) are included with the route.The Virtual New Haven Railroad’s Springfield Line route captures all the appeal that made the New York, New Haven & Hartford an iconic favorite of railroad enthusiasts and, in taking you back to the 1950s, will provide countless captivating and challenging railroading experiences!ScenariosThe Virtual New Haven Railroad Springfield Line route includes 14 challenging and realistic career scenarios, including a variety of mainline and local freight operations, switching duties, and passenger services. 
Bradley Field DistributionThe New Haven Jitney Shade Grown TobaccoWallingford LocalEarly Morning freight Hot Freight from BostonHot TOFC  Last Train HomeNorthbound Passenger pt. 1Northbound Passenger pt. 2Southbound Passenger pt. 1Southbound Passenger pt. 2 Springfield Freight pt. 1Springfield Freight pt. 2More scenarios are available on Steam Workshop online and in-game. Train Simulator’s Steam Workshop scenarios are free and easy to download, adding many more hours of gameplay. With scenarios being added daily, why don’t you check it out now! Click here for Steam Workshop scenarios.Key Features		The New Haven’s multi-track Springfield (Mass.)-New Haven (Conn.) route extending 62 miles and featuring a variety of lineside industries and classic passenger stations. 	Branch lines and spurs, including New Haven’s branch to Suffield and Windsor Locks, its Bloomfield/Griffin branch, the quarry line at Meriden, extensive industrial trackage around Hartford, and New Haven’s Mill River branch. 	Electro-Motive GP9 in famed “McGinnis” livery; Alco S-2 switcher (in four authentic liveries); and General Electric 44-tonner (in two production variations and two liveries).	More than a dozen classic 1950-s era freight car types, including boxcars, flat cars, gondolas, hoppers, tank cars, reefers, and TOFC equipment, many in multiple liveries.	New Haven NE-5 class caboose in three liveries.	New Haven heavyweight and Osgood-Bradley lightweight passenger equipment in multiple liveries.	14 challenging career scenarios for the route.	Quick Drive compatible	Download size: 565.8 mb 						