
							About This Game
							The journey of the small beneficial cell reaches its final chapter, through various wonderful microscopic worlds with one goal: to bring life to the surrounding environment by constructing and combining together beneficial bubbles to fill the whole visible fabric. 

In this last journey, the small cell will cross several biological worlds that represent various states of matter: Solid, Ice, Water, Gas, Plasma. 
During the adventure, the cell will encounter multiple enemies, random barriers and obstacles of all kinds and with different features, harmless or lethal. 
Our protagonist will find while traveling various bonuses that will facilitate the journey. 
Each level is procedurally generated, so any game scenario is always unpredictable! 

Objectives of the game

To revitalize and fill the tissue underneath the small cell will use a method entirely new: the modular bubbles! 
By drawing, closing and joining together the microscopic filaments, the small cell will create a kind of wonderful, colorful and beneficial structure, with which it will be able to overcome the various levels. 
The aim of the game is to fill with organic filaments a certain percentage of the playing field. 
These organic filaments will create bubbles that can be joined together by means of the vertices. 
To pass each level you have to fill the required percentage within a time limit, paying attention to the barriers, obstacles and enemies present. 

Composable Bubbles Engine (CBE):

This engine allows you to create multiple beneficial bubbles using vertices of existing ones. 

MAIN FEATURES:

PROCEDURAL LEVEL GENERATION 
LOAD/SAVE CURRENT LEVEL AND GAME STATS 
GAME RANKINGS AND HIGH SCORES 
ON-SCREEN MAP 
COMPOSABLE BUBBLES 
ORGANIC SCENARIO 
500 PROCEDURAL LEVELS 
FIVE WORLDS

More features:
Five camera modes ( normal, dynamic ,‘map’, perspective and dynamic perspective ) 
Two game speeds 
Two game difficulties 
Two enemies speeds

Enemies

Generic cell: only stops the creation of bubbles. 
Bacterium: if touched, it decreases the time available. 
Virus: if touched, it increases the filling percentage 
Speed viruses: if touched, it decreases the speed of the protagonist. 
Parasite “length”: if touched, it lowers the length of the design of the bubble. 
Parasite “range”: if touched, lowers the lock range with neighboring nodes.

Bonuses

Time bonus: increases the time available. 
Power up bonus: decreases the rate of filling necessary to pass the level. 
Speed bonus: increases the speed of the protagonist. 
Length Bonus: increases the length of the drawing of the bubble. 
Range Bonus: increases the range of coupling with the neighboring nodes.

Worlds

World 1 - Solid state of matter: ROCK 
World 2 - Frozen state of matter: ICE 
World 3 - Liquid state of matter: WATER 
World 4 - Gaseous state of matter: GAS 
World 5 - Fluid state of matter: PLASMA						