
							About This Game
							Catmouth Island is a laid-back, relaxed and comfy episodic point-and-click adventure game set on an island group called Catface Islands in the middle of the pacific. :3You control Mya, a student who enjoys solving puzzles in her spare time. She attends the Silvestri Schooledge, and lives in a nice house in Meow Village on Catmouth Island. She wants to find out more about the islands' neighbourhood, environment, its mostly unknown past, and investigate what the secretive B3 Corp. is up to, all the while juggling her studies as not to end up like the steak house girl. :3This game follows the same convention as most classic point-and-click games like Sam & Max: Hit The Road, Day of The Tentacle and Monkey Island, except that it addresses a few of the issues with trying every object in the inventory together to see if they work, and a few other things.It is created in a low-poly graphical style in which as few polygons as possible have been used to create objects. Very inspired by the games on the Nintendo 64 and Sony Playstation.FeaturesOver 60 NPCs to interact with, from humans to non-humans and even secret ones!A scrapbook with a task list that keeps track of your progress!A personal teleporter system to help you get around quicker if would like!Unique location-based theme music that changes depending on where you go!Episodic progression that will advance the game and the story.This game was voted by you through Greenlight. :3Releases for Linux and Mac are coming soon!Episode listEpisode 1: The Infinitely Tall HouseEpisode 1: "The Infinitely Tall House" - One of Mya's neighbouring families have a house that is infinitely tall. There are stories about what has happened in the house over the years, but Mya has yet to be inside it. One day, driven by curiosity during the annual "Don't lend your boat day", she wants to discover what's on top of The Infinitely Tall House.Disclaimer: There's occasional swearing and coarse language, and a topless sunbather. Therefore it is not suitable for younger players.						