
							About This Game
							Dr.Green is a 2D retro, arcade, action platformer, inspired by games like Megaman and Ninja Senki. Take control of the orphan Dr.Green, on his mission to save the forest and take revenge on the evil forces trying to destroy it. Dr.Green is the debut game of Indie developer & Pixel artist Johan Aronsson and is both an evironmental statement and a captivating story of a young child uncovering his past.StoryOne day Dr.Green awakes to find his home under attack. The forest he grew up in was under siege by workers. Their sole intent to destroy the natural beauty of his home for profit. Dr.Green, insensed by thier actions makes a stand against them in order to stop the destruction and save his home. Embarking upon this journey will take Dr.Green to places beyond the comfort of his home and leads him to discover mysterious secrets surrounding his past. Dr.Green is about fighting for what you believe in, even if things seems hopeless.GameplayIn Dr.Green you will experience a classic, arcade inspired gameplay. Taking control over the orphan Dr.Green you use your pea gun, loaded with powerful seeds to take down your enemies. Since Dr.Green was raised in the forest and spent a lot of time with its inhabitants he has learned the ability to double jump to be able to keep up. Double jump will prove to be a good quality on his journey and a key to progress.FeaturesController Support (Analog & D-pad)Rebindable keys for keyboardColourful pixel art graphicsCaptivating double twisted storyChiptune inspired soundtrackDr.Green have 8 levels in total, each guarded by a boss, more or less important to the story. All levels have a new element or a new enemy introduced, carefully created to fit the area they are in and often inspired by previous enemies's behaviour to give you a nice and smooth, but still, challenging experience. The game is not created in the mind of giving the player another game to blast through. I wanted to maintain the horrible, yet enchanting difficulty old platformers like Megaman had. Rewarding the player for getting to know the enemy, their movements, how the levels work, finding the timers. The game is constructed in a way that everytime you game over, you do it knowing something new about the obstacle and get you closer to the finish line. The gameplay is not always entierly linear and there are levels that provide alternative ways to mix things up a little and also encourage the player to try other ways to gain time or find more score. Throughout the level you will find seeds that you can collect, these will give you score. You will also find caged animals, that award you when freed. Depending on your final score, you will get different endings.						