
							About This Content
							The Total War: SHOGUN 2 Sengoku Jidai Unit Pack adds 10 new elite units for use across the different game modes of SHOGUN 2. Once you've purchased the content, you will unlock all 10 of these versatile units in single and multiplayer Campaign mode under the conditions stated below. They will also be available in the Avatar Conquest and single player Battle modes of the game when playing with the appropriate clan.						1) Bulletproof Samurai unit – Date clan							  It takes true samurai to charge into musket fire – and prevail!							 Bulletproof armour makes them very resilient against matchlocks								   Heavy armour makes them slow								   Very good armour and melee defence								   Very good vs. cavalry								   Average melee attack							 							   Construction requirements in Campaign mode							  Yari Dojo 									Armoury							 2) Marathon Monk – Uesugi or Ikko Ikki clan (Ikko Ikki clan requires the Ikko Ikki Clan Pack available on Steam)							 Faith builds the body, and faith makes outstanding warriors.							 Very fast moving and fatigue resistant								   Good against infantry and cavalry								   Very good melee defence								   Vulnerable to katana infantry and missiles							 							 Construction requirements in Campaign mode (Ikko Ikki clan)							 Ikko religion								   Jodo Shinshu Temple 								   Proving grounds							 							 Construction requirements in Campaign mode (Uesugi clan)							 Buddhist religion								   Buddhist Temple 								   Proving grounds							 3) Hand Mortar – Hojo clan							 Hand mortars can lob shots over the heads of intervening troops, even over high walls.							 High arc of fire is good for attacking units behind walls and other units								   Small unit size and weak stats make them very vulnerable in melee								   Low morale								   Very vulnerable to cavalry							 							 Construction requirements in Campaign mode							 Gunsmith 								   Armoury							 4) Heavy Gunner – Shimazu clan							  For some targets a simple musket is disrespectful. Better by far to use a heavy gun.							 Very large muskets can damage units and buildings								   Small unit size leaves them vulnerable in melee								   Very vulnerable to cavalry							 							 Construction requirements in Campaign mode							 Gunsmith 								   Armoury							 5) Wako Raider – Mori clan							 Piracy prepares men to fight unfairly and with deceit. A wise commander uses these skills.							 Can deploy outside of their own deployment area								   Can walk whilst hidden and can hide almost anywhere								   Good melee attack and morale								   Weak melee defence and armour								   Vulnerable to cavalry and missiles							 							 Construction requirements in Campaign mode							 Sword Dojo 								   Military port							 6) Mounted Gunner – Tokugawa clan							 These mounted samurai carry matchlocks, allowing them to fire a deadly volley and then gallop away.							 Very high missile damage								   Good accuracy but slow reload								   Average in melee								   Vulnerable to foot missile units							 							 Construction requirements in Campaign mode							 Stables  								   Gunsmith							 7) Bandit – Hattori clan (Hattori clan only available in the Total War: SHOGUN 2 Limited Edition)							   Banditry teaches a man much that is useful in warfare, such as striking from an unexpected direction.							 Can shoot whilst hidden								   Can hide almost anywhere								   Can walk hidden								   Weak in melee								   Vulnerable to cavalry							 							 Construction requirements in Campaign mode							 Bow dojo 								   Criminal syndicate 							 8) Long-Yari Ashigaru – Oda clan							  These men carry exceptionally long spears, pikes in effect, making them extremely dangerous to cavalry.							 Excellent against cavalry								   Good defensive unit								   Vulnerable to missiles and sword infantry								   Weak morale							 							 Construction requirements in Campaign mode							 Spear dojo 								   Encampment							 9) Fire Cavalry – Takeda clan							  These cavalry are a sword in their general’s hand, ready to slice into a battle line.							 Good against cavalry								   Good against infantry								   Good speed								   Weak against spears and naginatas								   Vulnerable to matchlocks and bows							 							 Construction requirements in Campaign mode							 Cavalry dojo 								   Proving grounds							 10) Daikyu Samurai – Chosokabe clan							  When archer and bow are as one, anything is possible.							 Extra long range								   Very accurate and higher damage								   Slow reload speed								   Vulnerable to cavalry								   Weak melee attack 							 							 Construction requirements in Campaign mode							 Bow dojo 								   Hunting lodge							 						