
							About This Game
							This is the demo for the game Tales of Aravorn: Seasons Of The Wolf. You can play the first part/season of the story (Winter). If you decide to purchase the game later you can resume playing from the demo save.In the demo the achievements and trading cards of course are disabled.GAME FEATURESFantasy RPG set in the world of Aravorn, like Loren The Amazon PrincessPlay as male (Shea) or female (Althea)4 Romances available:  Romance the powerful Krimm or the cunning Riley as the elven hero Shea; romance the wily Chalassa or the eloquent Jariel as the elven heroine Althea8 unique party members each one with different skillsAdvanced isometric tileset maps for a bigger world to exploreWelcome back to Aravorn!In this role-playing game, set in the same fantasy world as the award-winning Loren the Amazon princess, you'll play as Shea or Althea, twins from the far-away village Ninim. In just the course of one year, you will experience many storylines and sidequests; situations and events where your own choices influence the very end of the game.The twins' tale starts on a day like many others, when one of the siblings finds a young wolf and decides to take it with him/her. Thus begins the long journey which will take the siblings from the ice-shrouded Ninim to the desert-wrapped city of Dingirra to the storm-shrouded port of Shacklesplit. Explore the corruption-riddled halls of Dingirra, and contest with the crimelords who claim it as their own domain. Sail the high seas, battle mighty pirates, and discover their hidden treasures!Travel alongside your old friend the ex-mercenary Vaelis, the illusionist Riley, the barbarian Krimm, the assassin Chalassa, the bard Jariel, and last, but not least, the crazy--ahem, the warlock Rowinda! As your relationships deepen, you may discover love with one of your companions. As you spend time together, you will find yourself influencing their very own storylines!The game features 9 different classes, each with its own set of skills. With every level up, choose your attributes, each one having an impact on future battles. Fight a large variety of enemies in turn-based tactical battles and loot randomized items for a different game every time!Those familiar with the Loren battle system will notice many changes, big and small, that make the battles more challenging. The view is now left to right, featuring bigger sprites both of your party and your enemies!The largest improvement is the new isometric map! Divided into several zones, this gives the player a greater sense of immersion, and freedom of exploration. Discover all the locations and quests in each Season to earn additional experience.As always, there are romances available for all tastes, both straight or homosexual.The story, divided into four acts, or Seasons, will leave you wondering what happens next. But remember, no matter what happens, the theme of the story is 'Deceit'.Please Note: is NOT an episodic game. The story is divided in 4 acts but is a single game with a complete story.						