
							About This Content
							The Angel of Death hovers over your castle! The Emperor & The Hermit DLC introduces two extra AI opponents and an all-new Crusader Trail campaign. Spiritual successors to The Emperor and The Abbot from the original Stronghold Crusader (2002), The Emperor and The Hermit are driven by religious fervour. Backed by zealots who follow their cause without question, be it just or corrupt, both leaders represent a dangerous new threat to all sides in the Crusader conflict. The next expansion for Stronghold Crusader 2, The Emperor & The Hermit adds seven missions, two AI opponents, 10 achievements, additional player shields and new castle designs unique to The Emperor and The Hermit.New MissionsBeware the weight of the holy lands... For the next pair of lords to compete for the desert bring with them an unrelenting religious following. After years of isolated reverence, the Hermit has been driven blind by his self-righteous claim to sacred authority. Now he commands legions of assassins, ensuring his enemies see no more of his approaching armies than he does. From further afield comes the Emperor who will rest at nothing to expand his kingdom into the far reaches of the Middle East, using the vast armies at his command. Cunning tactics and battle hardened wits will be needed to fight through the seven skirmishes and three maps found in 'The Emperor & The Hermit' skirmish trail, with the difficulty curve ramped up even higher than before! Bring water and ice, for the desert heat is rising and its new combatants bring no mercy on the edge of their blades.The EmperorOriginally from Germany, The Emperor was once a high-profile religious figure revered worldwide. Excommunicated from the Church and disgraced in the eyes of his former followers, The Emperor now leads a splinter group of fanatics who believe him chosen by God to guide them in the holy land. Having abandoned any sense of religious obligation to his fellow man, The Emperor will stop at nothing to reclaim his former power and authority. He appears in-game as a decrepit old man with terrible skin contrasting against expensive garments and bizarrely good hair.The HermitGiven a heavily religious upbringing in lands that are now being used as a battlefield, The Hermit is somewhat displeased by the presence of invading Crusader hordes. The Hermit is something of a departure for Stronghold with no preordained authority, royal lineage, military background or house to act as a status symbol. What he does control is an army of religious zealots, equally angry about the invasion and out for Crusader blood as their leader. For these men the idea of following The Hermit in his counter-crusade against Richard is a most noble cause.DLC FeaturesNew Missions - Endure a baptism of fire with seven single player missions in 'The Emperor & The Hermit' Skirmish Trail campaign.Two Characters - The Emperor and The Hermit join the battle in the new Crusader Trail, online Multiplayer and Skirmish mode.Unique Castles - Spiral walls layouts, imposing tower formations and heavily fortified religious buildings.Custom Shields - Adorn your in-game shield with unique coat of arms designs, striking fear in the hearts of your enemies.Extra Achievements - Master 10 new Steam achievements and claim your place in the Stronghold elite.Please Note: The Emperor & The Hermit is downloadable add-on content, requiring the full Stronghold Crusader 2 game on Steam to play.						