
							About This Game
							Discover a passion for firefighting! Head out on duty with the entire fire department and take on exciting new missions in "Airport Firefighters: The Simulation". As a member of the busy airport fire department, you and your colleagues work to extinguish large airplane fires and fight through the blazing inferno of the passenger terminal. Drive true-to-life fire engines and tackle blazes with the water cannons. Fight local fires with the fire extinguisher and fog nozzle, squeeze your way through narrow ventilation shafts, and destroy obstacles with your ax to pave your way to freedom. 	In your missions you'll be confronted with fallen buildings, burning of-fice wings and gloomy basements flooded with water, as well as downed helicopters and flaming cargo planes too. For the first time in the series, you can control American firefighting vehicles and complete missions as an American firefighter. Would you rather use a gamepad than a keyboard and mouse? No problem! 	Objects such as crates and pallets now react to the water jet, letting you pick up, move and destroy them. Various difficulty levels will help you to survive even the diciest of crises. Experience dramatic situations that challenge the hero inside! Wheth-er it's burning engines, an explosion in the passenger terminal or a flaming inferno in the cabin of a jumbo jet – your service counts!Features:Experience exciting and dramatic situations as a member of the airport fire departmentHead out on duty with the entire fire department, driving firefighting vehicles and using them to tame the flamesFight your way through the blazing inferno of the passenger terminal, collapsed sections of buildings, burning office wings and gloomy basementsPlay with either German or American firefighting vehicles and team membersDrive the faithfully recreated Panther vehicles from Rosenbauer International AGCan also be controlled using a gamepadVarious challenging difficulty levelsPart 3 in the popular Airport Firefighters series						