
							About This Game
							DROD RPG: Tendry's Tale is a 2D puzzle dungeon crawl with RPG, move optimization and resource management elements.DROD RPG combines DROD's puzzle elements, strategy, world and story backdrop with player stats, weapons and armor, one-on-one monster duels, items, custom power-ups and treasure. It was inspired by the classic Tower of the Sorcerer and is similar in flavor to Desktop Dungeons.As a puzzle/logic game, level layouts, items, enemy encounters, and treasures are all hand-crafted to bring you a series of engaging, well thought-out puzzles that are a joy to solve. Navigate through series of interlocking rooms, looking for the exit on each level. Spend hit points and resources wisely to power up and advance.  Decide which pre-placed monsters to fight along the way. Battles resolve deterministically according to a clear set of rules. Get rewards from defeating enemies now or come back later when you're more powerful and can take less damage (hint: this is typically the better option).Combining DROD's straight-forward interface and flexible puzzle widgets with the staples of dungeon crawling and resource management makes for a unique, genre-busting gaming experience. Play this game to relax and contemplate, or take advantage of its huge depth and optional elements of challenge and replayability to optimize your score against other Steam players. Along with a powerful level editor, modding capabilities and an enthusiastic player community producing novel puzzle content, this is a game you can enjoy for years.The storyHelp Tendry, a member of the scattered Stalwart Army, escape from entrapment far beneath the surface. He might not be the ideal warrior, but he's got a lot of panache to make up for his lack in prowess. Or at least he's always good for a laugh. Keep him from killing himself in battle long enough to save his homeland of Tueno from the menacing Underground Empire.Key features
Upgraded version with Steam achievements, leaderboards and auto cloud-sync.13 interlocking puzzle levels of interconnected rooms, filled with monsters, treasure, traps, secrets, and surprises.25 custom swords, shields and special items to discover, each with unique capabilities.Dozens of monster types and boss enemies with varying abilities and behavior.Many other game elements based on DROD's singular logic puzzle experience.Powerful campaign editor. Dozens of high-quality free usermade levels available to play!Active, friendly player community on the Caravel Forum.Deluxe editionContains both DROD RPG and the OST.						