
							About This Game
							One hundred years from tomorrow...World War IV has started! Will you join the United Star Force to defend Earth and its colonies from the relentless attacks of the Non-Aligned Nations? Or will you assume the role of commander in the NAN, striking at our Star System to gain dominance over the most powerful military organization in history? Do you have what it takes to command an advanced space fleet in the greatest conflict humankind has ever known? With over sixty starships with customizable weapons and defenses available to you, can you take the fight to the enemy and control the Star System?STARLIGHT TACTICS is a full 3D turn-based tactical space combat experience.PROTECT THE SKY!Key Features:Full 3D Turn-Based Tactical CombatEver wanted to feel like you were really in space making strategic decisions that control the life and death of your fleet?  Control the heading (yaw), pitch and roll of massive starships as you stategize your next move in a fight amongst the planets and moons of our star system.Intense Single Player USF CampaignPlay through fifty missions of an exciting and immersive single player campaign as you fight amongst beautifully rendered planets in our star system. Freeplay Skirmish ModeBrush up on your tactical skills as you play against the AI or a human opponent (shared mouse and screen experience).You own your fleetBe careful not to scratch the paint on your space fleet!  Destroyers, Stealth Ships, Littoral Combat Ships, Cruisers and Carriers all persist from mission to mission in a SpaceDock where you requisition, inspect, repair, upgrade and decommission your forces.Physics come into playShips are hit by weapons and go into a roll.  Plasma weapons impact asteroids and send them hurling off toward enemy ships.  Ships can ram each other and cause catastrophic damage.Soundtrack by David ArkenstoneDavid Arkenstone, three time Grammy nominee and composer of music for World of Warcraft: Cataclysm brings his sensational talent to bear on Starlight Tactics, with musical themes to accompany every battle.Quotes from Beta Testers:"In terms of turn based tactics this is very unique. This is the first one of its kind to use 3 dimensions that I know of for movement and placement, and it works and functions very well. In fact this is the only true 3d strategy space game that I can think of since Homeworld movement-wise.""The details are great, especially with the battle. Keep up the good work!""I ABSOLUTELY LOVE that I can ram, and/or fire upon my fellow ship(s) if I am not careful.""The concept of the game is great.""Saw you guys at PAX and played on the Android build. Lots of cool details and a great simulation of 3D space combat."						