
							About This Game
							What is Break_In?Break_In is a base-building/FPS game where the main aim is to amass the largest amount of money you can, and invest it in defenses, traps, and other security measures to protect the rest of your stash. To do this, you will raid other players' bases and steal directly from their account.Build up the defenses on your own safe house to deter other players. Attack other players' safe houses and try to make it past their defenses. Progress through different types of safe house as you make more and more money. Upgrade your own abilities, skills and weapons as you make money. No subscription fees, no pay to win, no microtransactions.Key FeaturesAlthough it is very early days, I have a lot of ideas for where I want to go with Break_In. You can expect regular updates on this! Dynamic The main strength of Break_In comes from the customization. With a range of bases to take down, and the variety of defenses available for each base, you will very rarely have the same experience twice. Player A may have a handful of badly equipped thugs, while Player B could have highly trained guards, lasers, cameras, and even traps. Every experience will be different and keep you on your toes. Progression With Break_In you will start out with next to nothing, just a tiny shack of a safe house and your pistol. You will need to break into other players' bases to take their cash. You will then be able to use this cash to upgrade your own safe house, buy a new safe house, install security measures, hire security, buy new weapons, and much more. And when someone does attempt to break into your safe house, and falls victim to your well positioned camera and backup squad, you'll be notified and receive a percentage of their cash.No pay2win, no microtransactions, no subscriptions or additional costs. Goes without saying, really. I have zero intention for Break_In to go this way. Obviously I won't rule out future expansions, but I can promise right now that if the day comes when this project is ready for expansion, it will be sensibly priced and provide a lot of content.						