
							About This Game
							Travel back in time to a world of danger and mystery; a place where the open waters can mean anything but smooth sailing. Get carried away in these three classic installments in the acclaimed Tradewinds® Series.
                     
                    
                    Sail, trade and battle with legendary heroes such as Sinbad in the mythical Far East. Enter a world of danger and intrigue as you complete over 100 unique tasks. Build a flotilla of ships armed with weaponry, both man-made and magic. Sail into the sky to discover new ports and engage in aerial combat with other magical sky ships.
                    Encounter a world of legend, play Tradewinds Legends today!
                    
                    Over 100 tasks to choose from
                    Play as one of 4 unique characters, or build your own from scratch
                    10 beautiful ports to visit
                    Build your fleet with 7 unique ships, weapons and magical attacks
                    Hundreds of special items to customize your gameplay
                    Interact with a limitless cast of characters on your adventures
                    
                     
                    
                    Navigate a fascinating new world and discover uncharted ports teeming with friends and foes alike. The choice is yours; be a master commander, defeating pirates and plundering their vast hordes of booty, or, play it safe by trading exotic island goods, gradually amassing untold wealth, power and influence.
                    Earn enough gold to upgrade your ship and engage in land and sea battles. Two game modes and over sixty hours of adventurous game play await you in Tradewinds® 2.
                    
                    Buy low and sell high in 20 different ports with 10 different goods
                    Choose one of 5 characters or create and customize your own!
                    Embark on over 100 swashbuckling adventures
                    Over 60 hours of gameplay!
                    
                     
                    
                    Tradewinds® Classic, set in the 19th century Far East, takes you back to the very beginning where buying and selling exotic goods, or collecting bounties on previously thought-to-be-dead pirates, can lead to untold wealth...or ultimate doom. With enough wisdom, courage and luck you too can become a Tai-Pan!
                    
                    Buy low, sell high, and build your fortune
                    Choose from 4 unique characters
                    Buy more ships to dominate the seas
                    Collect bounties by defeating villainous pirates
                    						