
							About This Game
							Crazy Steam Bros is a classical horizontal shoot'em up inspired by the gameplay of old arcades. Anton and Dupont are brothers, inventors, and a little mad also! With the help of their landlady, Miss Lily, they must defeat the evil Baron and their hordes of moustached soldiers. Fly the "SteaMobile" trough five levels of steampunk action. Traverse cities, jungles, caves and more. Collect Power-Ups for your machine and defeat the bad tempered bosses before the tea time! 

To play you can use the keyboard or a compatible gamepad, and Keys can be redefined at the options menu. 

Predefined keys are: 

Arrows for movement for player 1, "RFDG" keys for player 2 
"K" key for player 1, "Q" key for player 2: 
Shooting. It will activate all your weapons, except bombs and air mines. This is a game with automatic autofire, so there's no need to ravage your keyboard or your fingers :D 
"L" key for player 1, "W" key for player 2: 
Bombing. Hitting things with bombs is trickier, but the damage done by them is huge! This also activates air mines, if you have collected them. 
"P" key: 
Press it in game to show the pause menu. 
"ESC" key: 
To finish and quit the game.

Gameplay is easy. Just advance trough the levels and survive the battle against the stage's bosses. 
Eventually, Miss Lily will drop random powerups. Collect them for increased firepower. 
These powerups have a limited life, so use them sparingly. 

The different powerups are: 

Supershoot: 
Increased damage for the machinegun. 
Trishoot: 
The machinegun will shot in three directions at once. 
Air Mines: 
They will pursue the nearby enemies. 
Tesla Shield: 
A force field that will protect you against enemies shots. 
Rocket: 
A powerful weapon, but not much precise. 
Super Bomb: 
This bomb will release a pair of normal bombs after exploding. 
Tesla Cannon: 
An electro ray that will hit the nearby enemies without need to aim. 
Tesla Drones: 
You can collect up to two of them. They will protect you from the damage, and also shoot a laser ray. They can be damaged and destroyed by enemy fire.						