
							About This Game
							Leap of Fate is a unique blend of isometric perspective, furiously-paced action, and roguelike elements. As one of four technomages hiding in the shadows of New York City, your time has come to confront the Crucible of Fates, a mysterious testing ground that will magically pit you against your own psychological demons. Your journey through the Crucible has you fighting hordes upon hordes of enemies and overcoming deviously laid traps. Your tools are your lightning-fast shadow walk, the powerful glyphs you find, and the magical skills that you upgrade along the way. Your reward for survival? Unspeakable power and a chance to uncover your true fate.Key Features:Experience an extremely fast and satisfying action game, built around the ability to Shadow Walk Upgrade over a hundred magical skills, through an innovative system of randomly-generated skill trees Discover the profound and intense stories of four characters, told through beautifully illustrated cinematicsExplore a modern-day cyberpunk fantasy spanning cybernetics labs, dark alleys and secret societiesChallengeCombat in Leap of Fate is extremely quick and deadly. Not only will you face more than a hundred different types of enemies, ranging from pit fighters to mad cultists and hidden turrets, but the procedurally generated levels will keep you on your toes at all times. Be warned; once you die, you must restart from the beginning and try again. Hopefully, you'll have unlocked new permanent upgrades to help you along.MagicWithin each game session, you will find many opportunities to gain magical power. In addition to the game-altering glyphs you randomly find along the way, there are more than a hundred magical abilities total, spread across the Mobility, Attack and Passive skill trees. The twist in Leap of Fate is that skill trees are randomly shuffled, ensuring that each game differs from the previous one. On one run¬¬, you'll float over pits and disintegrate enemies with Atomic Flash, while in the next, you'll be wielding a projectile-reflecting technology while calling upon the Greys to abduct your foes for you.CharactersIn Leap of Fate, you play one of four mages, each with their own distinct gameplay style and storyline:Aeon, the shadow mage: Psychologically scarred by years of oppression in a secret societyBig Mo, the cyborg technomancer: Wrestling to come to terms with his dual natureMukai, the spirit channeler: Struggling to regain control of her mind from three powerful entitiesRasimov, the rogue occultist: A centuries-old mage on an endless quest to cheat deathThey say this place makes you face your own fears, your own demons. But it can also reveal your fate, if you survive the trials.						