
							About This Content
							REX Texture Direct 4 is the latest version of the acclaimed Texture Direct series by flight sim veterans Real Environment Xtreme.Not only do you get additional weather texture customization options such as low mid- and high level clouds, 14 types of lightening, and an array of thunder effects with Texture Direct 4, but it is jam-packed with over 16G of additional texture files!Everything is covered from runway dirt and tyre marks to detailed taxiways. Also included are REX’s high quality water rendering effects allowing you to reach the absolute height of realism in your FSX: Steam Edition experience.FeaturesAbility to select and install textures individually and/or create custom 'themes' to install a full suite of textures instantly.Ability for users to select weather scenarios or enter airport code to have texture themes generated based upon weather conditions.New unique types of cloud base structures.Low/Mid-level 3D clouds, including Stratus, Cumulonimbus, Cumulus, Stratocumulus, Altostratus and Altocumulus.High-level clouds, including Cirrus, Cirrostratus and Cirrocumulus.14 types of lightning: IC, CC and CG.Worldwide tropical water classification fix, eliminating most of the core repetitive texture tiling effect. Water boundaries blend much more realistically.Ultra-realistic airport environments made from custom, high-definition aerial photography.Give default airports in FSX: Steam Edition the payware-style treatment, from light to heavy use runways, taxiways and pavement markings! Highly detailed textures, including runway textured lighting encasements. Originating from HD source photography, runway tire markings are properly scaled within the simulator creating a more realistic viewpoint. Runways with light or heavy wear... your choice, over 32 to choose from, the highest definition textures with the most fidelity on the market. The tire marking build-up is fascinating when using the heavy use runway option. Many types of runway grooving and material selection.Runway lighting encasement textures added to runways to give more depth and a more properly scaled feel.Dirty and soiled runway markings at all airport runways worldwide! No more blown out white marks interfering with your immersion.Runway markings now support larger aircraft.28 amazingly detailed taxiways developed from all types of concrete, asphalt and bitumen.Runway and taxiway detailed planar bump-map effects.Spectacular terrain bump-mapping effects, modelled from different materials. Beautiful photo-realistic skies sampled from many locations around the world. Properly balanced terrain light and shadow values during dawn and dusk.Smoother transitional algorithms during dawn and dusk times.Realistic corresponding haze layer values when encountering the proper WX.23 types of runway edge and taxiway lighting, some with simulated ground glow.Extremely detailed and enhanced ground rain effect.Realistic dirty airport parking and jetway marks.Easy to read, enhanced airport signage. Different lighting conditions dictate the range of colours from yellow to orange and red to amber. Sun, corona, glow, flares and special effects, giving the most realistic renditions of atmospheric conditions. Panning around your aircraft at different angles during beginning or end of day will yield just how dynamic these effects can be. Rendered for DX9, DX10 and DX11.Environment sound effects. Vastly improved in/out cockpit precipitation and thunder sounds.NOTE: REX Texture Direct 4 can be found in the 'Tools' section of Steam. You can also tick the 'Create Desktop Shortcut' option at installation for ease of access.						