
							About This Game
							Fortes Fortuna Iuvat - Fortune Favours the BoldLife of Rome is a third and first-person massively multiplayer online action role playing game (MMORPG) set in the world of 320AD Rome. The game is played from the point of view of Roman allegiance and Rebels; designed to emphasise roleplay and community using a faction system and player-driven politics. The in-game world is a 50km2 representation of Rome and its surrounding areas, including small villages, Rebel camps and Roman forts.Players interact with each other in a series of locations spread across the area. Major roleplaying-based storylines, purely optional, will be started and run by Breakout Studio staff as well as players. Players in a position of power may also affect gameplay by setting a faction’s agenda, creating long-term political, economic, or military goals, which are broken up into missions handed down through a faction’s hierarchy in the form of player generated and driven missions.Allegiance & PoliticsPlayers can choose whether they give their allegiance to Rome or reject the rule of the Empire and live life as a Rebel. Romans gain prestige from engaging in trade with other Romans, practising devotion to Roman gods, obeying the laws of Rome and slaughtering those who resist Roman rule. Rebels, on the other hand, live in rebel camps outside the walls of Rome. They pay no taxes, and gain prestige from murdering Roman citizens, and destroying or looting their belongings, and from looting other rebels.FamiliesPlayers can form or join families with other players, and earn prestige for the whole group. A family also has an overall allegiance, based on a combination of the leader’s allegiance and an average of the other members. Families with a negative allegiance to Rome may all be branded as Rebels and banished from the city. Families can ally with other families, or go to war. Families at war will suffer a significantly smaller allegiance loss for engaging in combat, and a small prestige gain – so it’s wise not to make more enemies than you can handle. Earning prestige unlocks new skills, actions, buildings and items for your family members. Becoming a dominant Roman family may also pave your way into politics as your family’s fame and influence grow.PoliticsThe leaders of the most prestigious families in Rome who meet the Prestige requirement can elect to join the Senate, with the two highest ranking leaders as Consuls. During Senate meetings, these players can vote to enact a single benefit which will apply to all players loyal to Rome until the next meeting.The Consuls will decide which two benefits will be up for vote, with the overall selection dictated by the (Developer) Emperor. Benefits may include bonuses to combat, crafting, and healing-times, and reductions in tax rate and death penalties. Senators will have access to their own Chat channel to argue their cases and influence the decisions. The Consuls will typically be given 1 RL week to select a benefit for vote.ReligionRome and the surrounding territory will contain many Temples and Shrines to a variety of Deities, each with a selection of different Benefits. Players can select a Religious Benefit every 24 hours by visiting and praying at a temple or shire dedicated to a specific deity. Religion is an essential part of every player’s daily life, and a player who does not worship regularly will notice a gradual decrease in their Religion Skill.WARNING: THIS GAME IS EARLY ACCESS ALPHA. PLEASE DO NOT PURCHASE UNLESS YOU WANT TO ACTIVELY SUPPORT DEVELOPMENT OF THE GAME AND ARE PREPARED TO HANDLE WITH SERIOUS ISSUES AND POSSIBLE INTERRUPTIONS OF GAME FUNCTIONING.						