
							About This Game
							NECROPOLIS: BRUTAL EDITION is a major update featuring a new playable adventurer (The Brute), a completely new outdoor environment (The Black Forest), and lots of new enemies, weapons, armor, traps, potions, scrolls, and other big improvements to the game.The BRUTAL EDITION is the definitive NECROPOLIS experience. HERE’S WHAT’S NEW:The Brute - a formidable new player characterThe Black Forest - a completely new wintry outdoor biome to exploreDeadly new enemies and improved AI behaviorsGreatly expanded environmental variety, including new traps and gameplayClearer descriptions for all items in the game, including weapons, armor, recipes, potions, and magical codexesImproved game balance and loot economyNew weapons, armor, potions, scrolls, and more!NECROPOLIS combines third-person action with Rogue-lite dungeon-delving for a game that’s fast-paced and addictive, yet diabolically hardcore. Adventure alone, or with up to 3 friends in a magical deathtrap that reconstructs itself each time you play. Craft, equip, explore, and fight to stay alive as you delve deeper and face ever-greater threats in the twisting halls and endless chasms of the NECROPOLIS. Have no doubt, you’re going to die - often! - but you’ll improve your combat skills, available upgrades, and dungeon know-how with every playthrough, bringing you one step closer to the exit. (Warning: “Just one more time” mindset can be addicting.)IN NECROPOLIS, DEATH IS......PERMANENT. Game Over? Jump right back in with a new adventurer and try again!...DIFFERENT EVERY TIME. A new procedurally-generated dungeon with every death....BETTER WITH FRIENDS. Drop-in / drop-out CO-OP multiplayer for up to 4 players!...MONSTROUS. Gemeaters, Changelings, Hoardmen, and more - they exist to kill you....NOT WITHOUT PERKS. Each new dungeon is littered with powerful weapons, armor, and upgrades to wield against your foes. (And there’s crafting, too!)...UNAVOIDABLE. But don’t worry, this NEXT playthrough is totally the one. We’ve got a good feeling about it.						