
							About This Game
							You are the captain of the SSC Tarvotan, a small scale exploration spacecraft created with humanity's most cutting edge technology.  Our home solar system has mysteriously fallen out of balance, and you are humanity's only chance of surviving.  In order to escape the ongoing dangers, you must find and balance resources to remain one step ahead of your ultimate demise.  Planets are burning by the hour… can you escape the Milky Way to explore other sectors of our universe?  Can you survive long enough to restore balance to the universe?Game Features:MaterialsEarn 'Materials' through-out each solar-sector to trade with other roaming ships throughout the universe.  TradingMake trades and purchase goods to stay alive.  Need to escape quickly? Save time to buy yourself the best chance to survive until the end. QuestsComplete 'Quests' and manage your relationships with other factions and ships that roam the universe.  Make important choices and decisions that lead you on to the next sector.  The rewards may be more than you expect.Faction RelationsMake and break alliances though integrity or devious backstabbing.  Weigh your options to determine the best allies you can have, but be careful - you can make enemies that will hunt you down as well!Combat SystemYou are not the only ship roaming the universe.  Many others seek safety and refuge and will do anything to protect themselves.  Upgrade your ship with the most powerful weaponry to ensure your survival.Tech TreeResearch the newest technology with science points to make the SSC Tarvotan more efficient and functional.  Over time, you can alter the ship to match your play style!Ever-Changing PacingEach and every solar sector provides a unique challenge and a unique set of characteristics.  Adapt and survive long enough to discover what is required to establish a future for humanity. And More!There are many other secrets and features to discover and play with in Project Tarvotan.  Not two playthroughs will be the same!  Will you be able to survive until the end?  Will you be able to save and determine the final outcome to the universe?						