
							About This Game
							You like exciting FPS Shooters? You like Tower Defense? You like customizing weapons and turrets into your own personal killing machines? Then this game's for you.OverviewDeploy automated and manually activated defenses to crush, pierce, burn, freeze and otherwise thoroughly decimate the relentless hordes of enemies. Jump into the fray yourself with powerful first person weapons like machine guns, shotguns, missile launchers, artillery… almost too many ways to humiliate your foes.Still not enough ways to misbehave?  You can customize loadouts with gear pillaged from your enemies, or rewarded from your heroic performance in the multiple missions offered for each level.  Still need MORE?  Fine, you can also also get modifications for your gear, increasing range, speed, and even force applied, just in case you wanna ram enemies into buildings - or each other. You can watch our level playthrough/tutorial here.Features Build your defensive web with a variety of automated and manually activatable turrets.Jump into the fray with powerful first person weaponry. Choose from grenade launchers, lockon missiles, machine guns - just to name a few.Customizable mods bring more destructive additions to the table - with options like force, phasing, and armor piercing, the strategic possibilities are endless. Personalize your weapons and towers to the highest standards and take the baddies down with grace.Defend an ever-expanding roster of levels - 10 maps are currently available, 7 which have multiple challenge and endless modes. At least 6 more levels are actively in the works.Level up and increase your rank to unlock more weapons, mods, and other perks.Face off against 5 powerful commanders, each with their own unique powers and buffs. From stealth to speed to heavy armor, you'll find yourself challenged every step of the way. Early Access Special! All EA players can access developer mode. Should you choose to activate it, you'll be given incredible control of the game. Bump up strength, speed, and frequency of enemies if you like a challenge, or increase the commander ammo pool if you want more fps action. You can adjust pacing, as well as toggle various game modes as we move forward in development. You can use these tools to give us personalized feedback and perhaps see your personal changes implemented ingame. All of this and more is available - the power is in your hands. Steam Trading cards are coming soon. Still curious how it all fits together? Check out our post here... or just play and find out for yourself. :)						