
							About This Content
							Double down with goodies from this pet-centric pack, and fight the true trouble with your new friends in La Tale!Package Contents1x Yambi Coupon - Find power in flowers with this queen of pets! Yambi the Snake Queen will help you grow beyond the tallest sunflower, and more dangerous than the thorniest rose! Use this coupon to gain her loyalty. 1x Champion Wannabe Patchwork Bunny (30 Days) - Patch up your act with this floppy friend! This Champion Wannabe Patchwork Bunny will support you for 30 tireless days!10x [Event] Immortal Plant (30 Days) - This plant may have lived forever if you hadn't ripped it out of the ground... but now you can use it to extend your pet's life by 30 days!1x Baby Adjuvant -  Do you ever miss the old days? Or in this case... the young? Live vicariously through your pets by making them young again! Use this item to change their aesthetic form to small, baby versions.1x Premium Stimulant -  Perfect your pal's potential! Feed your pet only the best to unlock their hidden abilities. Use this item to add 1000 potential points - a whole level - to  unlock its effects.1x Pet Name Change Coupon - Everyone makes mistakes! Could your pet's name have been even better? Put them through an identity crisis and use this coupon to change it!How to RedeemTo redeem your item package and receive your items, please follow these simple steps after making your purchase:Right-click La Tale in your Steam library, select 'View CD key', highlight the package you wish to redeem, and select 'COPY KEY TO CLIPBOARD'.Launch the game, and log in with the character you wish to receive the item package with.Open the Fashion Shop located at the bottom of the screen, and click 'Get Astros'.In the space provided under ‘Item Package Redemption’, right-click, and select ‘paste’.Click 'Redeem'.After successfully redeeming your key, claim your items by talking to any Storage NPC (found in each town) and selecting the Gift Bundle option. You can also access your Gift Bundle at the top-left of your main screen.Please note that it may take up to 15 minutes after redeeming your item package key for the items to be sent to your Gift Bundle.About La TaleWelcome to the world of La Tale! Choose your own path within a land of ever-unfolding stories!La Tale is a free-to-play, massively multi-player online role-playing game (MMORPG), with classic 2D side-scrolling action. The game features over 50 character classes: each with unique skills and weapons. With near-endless character customization, pets, crafting, and guilds… will you still allow fearsome foes to defy you?Journey across strange and beautiful lands: full of mystery, sorcery, science, art, music, and wild sights you’ll have to push to discover yourself... Uncover the tale of Iris Livier, and begin your own tale now!Key FeaturesOver 50 classes at your disposal.Develop your playstyle by utilizing innumerable unlockable skills.Tackle huge bosses with friends or by the power of your own hand.Explore two gigantic worlds with open and undiscovered areas.Customize your character's appearance with near-endless options.Raise pets with unique skills to accompany you.Persevere to Level 220, all while choosing your own skill path.Join a guild and work together to increase bonuses.Raise your ranking by combating other players in PvP.Craft unique equipment, accessories, and mysterious items.Start your own business with a personal shop.Compatible with both controller and keyboard & mouse setup.Participate in fantastic events to win rare prizes and recognition.Regular bi-weekly updates.						