
							About This Content
							Ready to explore and settle within the Seven Realms?  Then this pack is a must for first time villagers and heroes alike!  With enchanted gear and potions that will increase your speed and strength, as well as aid you in your crafting pursuits, this pack will also ensure that you do it all in unique colorful style, and with your own personal pet to boot!Package Contents100 Crowns: A 5 dollar value, use these crowns to purchase anything you want from the item shop. Celestia's Winged Slippers: These special shoes contains an enchantment that permanently allows you to run faster while out of combat. The appearance for these shoes will also be unlocked.Extra Bag Space: Permanently unlocks bag number four, granting 30 new inventory slots. Only works on bag four and only works for one character.Exclusive Rainbow Winged Hat: Only available in this pack, a fairy winged hat that gives you rainbow wings. This pack contains the wings, as well as unlocks the ability to Gnogment any hat with the appearance of the wings.Exclusive Bee Companion: Summon the Buzzing Bee Companion to follow you around. The Bee can only be obtained in this starter pack (Bee Companion is a slot back-center companion).Weekend Hero Potion: A potion that gives 50% bonus experience to bounty bosses and monsters, as well as increases damage by 10%. Lasts for 50 hours.Weekend Villager Potion: A potion that gives 50% bonus experience to gathering, crafting, and village work, as well as 50 charges of Clockwork Harvesting. Lasts for 50 hours.Every item in this pack is fully cooperative with all other DLC packages, including the Artificer's Pack, the Legendary Heroes Pack, and the Homeowner's Pack. All four packs do not overlap or waste any items.*Note: All enchantment items and inventory unlocks are good for one single character. Once used, the enchantment and bags cannot be moved or transferred to other characters or accounts.**Note: Experience boosts from the Weekend Hero and Villager potions do not stack with Ardent Society boosts.						