
							About This Game
							    Science Fiction Post-Apocalyptic Space RPG!!    Roguelike RPG + Top-Down Shooter = Fringes of the Empire    2D classic retro-style gameplay    PC XBOX Controller Support, with other controllers to be supported soon    Fully custom engine for Windows systems    Mix of techniques: pixel art alongside 3D and 2.5D shading techniques, specifically tailored to Desktop systems    Tell your own story: Extensive modding features allow you to quickly create your own game content using included graphics or custom ones (total conversion is possible)    This isn't just shoot shoot shoot, you have to participate in the game's plotIt's the year 2600 AD, and the Earth is devastated by a hundred-year long war with a rogue A.I. superbrain.  After awaking from cryonic sleep for over 300 years, you discover your parents are dead and you've been picked as the pilot of a salvaged pre-war vessel.  Quickly renamed as the UFS Intrepid, the experimental craft was pieced together by engineers working in the Cheyenne Mountain Complex, Old Earth, Terran System.   Your first mission is to go where no one has gone for hundreds of years: to the very station that destroyed planet Earth.Soon you discovered you're recruited into the UFSE, a growing multi-species stellar federation that is just beginning to explore the galaxy near their homeworlds.  Powerful alien species and the run-of-the-mill riff-raff face down in the cold blackness of space.  Remnants of the old empires hold clues to your survival as you build one of humanity's greatest achievements: the deep space station named Starbase Central.Soon after your maiden voyage, your newly recruited crew is not all human: the UFSE is a diverse and growing stellar empire with several species recently allied.  Your job is to go out and explore the galaxy and bring back whatever artifacts you can find.  To fuel your vessel and build out its exofighters, your crew will spend time mining asteroids and exploring planetary bodies.  After a long day of work, you might treat them to a burger at Moburger, the local interstellar fast food franchise.This game has been in development for several years.  The legacy "GameMaker" version has been made available to purchasers of this game as well as an added bonus.Plans include to provide Workshop support, once the core game is complete, to allow players to mod the game.						