
							About This Game
							SWARM UNIVERSE is an action-packed top-down shooter. It brings you fast-paced arcade-fighting, online-multiplayer competition and vast modding-possibilities. Press play!FEATURES     Highly competitive    Highscore-driven single-player levels & endless arenas    Online-multiplayer: free for all & team-play (up to 8 players)    Unique, physics driven swarm gameplay    Fully integrated level-editor    Easy level creation: level geometry, custom enemies & logic circuits    Expert level creation: whole new game-modes & cut-scenes through scripting    Steam Workshop integration    Detail-obsessed and indie to the maxSAY HELLO TO BOT-7A distant universe. You are welcomed by Bot-7, your virtual host. He introduces you to the possibilities of the SWARM UNIVERSE and guides you through all the wonderful content he has created for you. You embark on a wild ride, as Bot-7 pulls off a twisted chamber play with unexpected mysterious turns.UNIQUE GAMEPLAYHighscore-driven and fast-paced, this is a top-down shooter with a unique twist. The gameplay is all about moving like a swarm, getting into the rhythm and developing smooth moves and combinations. The swarm is your weapon and protection, as you take on the challenges of the SWARM UNIVERSE.VARIOUS GAME-MODESFrom thrilling single-player game-modes to team-based online-multiplayer competition – SWARM UNIVERSE has it all. You get arenas, racetracks, various mini-games and online-multiplayer modes like free for all, team-play (up to 8 players) or capture the flag.EXTENSIVE MODDING TOOLKITSWARM UNIVERSE features a sophisticated level-editor, giving you powerful tools to easily build level geometry, custom enemies and more. Explore the vast possibilities of the fully integrated toolkit. Quickly create fun little levels, or start developing full blown new game-modes utilizing logic circuits and scripting language. Then share your creation through the Steam Workshop, becoming a fully featured part of the SWARM UNIVERSE.						