
							About This Game
							The ultimate management game for fans of motorsport.Feel the thrill of race day.  React in real-time and make split-second decisions to gain the edge on your rivals.Master advanced technology to customise every aspect of your car’s performance. Create a top racing team composed of drivers, managers, mechanics and designers.  Step into a living, breathing world of motorsport with you at the centre.Have you got what it takes to become the manager of a high-performance motorsport team?Motorsport Manager is a highly detailed, best-in-class management game for fans of motorsport. You’ll hire the drivers, build the cars and embed yourself in the dynamic world of racing.Every single detail will need to be considered in order to push your way to the championship title. Split second decisions on the race track combine with carefully laid pre-race plans; everything from building and customising your car to race-day tactics will affect your path to either ultimate victory or epic failure. Stop watching, start winning and take control as the manager of your own motorsport team.The Drivers. Your drivers have unique personality types, sparking drama within the team. Will you get the best out of them with tough love, or an arm around the shoulder?Location, Location, Location. The location of your HQ is all-important in this globe-spanning sport. Some drivers might find it hard to resist joining an Italian team...Pick the right people. Scouring the world for hidden gems is all the more satisfying when you find a young mechanic who can shave seconds off your pit stop times.The Factory.  Build new cars and parts from scratch, then evolve the technology over multiple seasons to create the perfect driving machine.Thinking Ahead.  Make the call on every part that goes into next season’s car. Get it right, and you’ll be in the perfect position come pre-season testing.Hone your expertise.  Make detailed mechanical tweaks or choose your team’s recommendations.The Race Weekend.  Set initial strategy across practice, qualifying and race – and adjust your tactics according to on-track developments.Master the Pitstop.  Risk it all with a high speed pit stop that could put you out in front of your rivals.Weather Systems.  Dynamic and game-changing weather.  Will you pit for intermediate tyres or hold out on slicks for as long as possible?						