
							About This Game
							Krater is real-time squad based dungeon crawling adventure. The game combines fast paced combat, tactical squad management, crafting, and questing all seen from a classic RTS perspective. While the game’s campaign can be played offline, there are also hours of specifically designed co-op missions to tackle with friends online.  Since release, there have been tweaks/improvements to just about everything else, from game balance to improved loot/item generation to a reworked HUD and smoother graphical performance. The game universe brings you far into the future of a post-apocalyptic Sweden. Once home to IKEA, Vikings, and Minecraft, today its primitive inhabitants scavenge the broken overgrown world for technological artifacts.At the rim of an impact site known as the Krater, three factions vie for control over the wound opening up into the world below. Consisting of an endless series of caves and tunnels filled with old world treasures and perils, the Underside stretches into the depths of the fallen Swedish civilization. You arrive at the Krater with your team of freelancers to take part in the gold rush where people come back rich or don’t come back at all.Key Features:Co-Op Adventure - Loot together through hours of specially designed co-op missions. Conquer tough co-op bosses together and bring your spoils back to the main campaign. Unlimited Exploration - No matter how deep you crawl, there is always more to explore in Krater’s open world.  Packed full of randomized dungeons and events, more than 60 handcrafted original locations, and 200+ quests.  Locations range from small settlements to large urban areas like Solside City, a sprawling regional hub where you’ll find all sorts of NPCs and services.Achievements - Earn over 40 achievements online or offline.Uniquely Persistent Characters - Watch your team of odd personalities evolve as they level up and gain new abilities, equipment, better stats, and even incur injuries.Face the Consequences - Your characters must cope with the dangers of Krater - if not they will face the threat of gameplay affecting permanent injuries or even death!Craft Everything - From items and weapons, to gear and abilities, you can craft it all with an extensive crafting system.Unique Graphical Style - Krater makes great use of the new Bitsquid engine, which sports pleasing DX11 graphical features and lighting effects to create a one of a kind universe full of sun soaked towns & amazing environments, colourful effects, and complicated characters.No mandatory connection to an online service - For those who would rather stay clear of online gaming services and login screens, Krater provides the entire Single-Player campaign in ‘offline’ mode.						