
							About This Game
							Soaring amid the clouds, Welkin Road blends free running with grappling-hook-powered aerobatics, challenging you to reach the end of each level using only your wits and the abilities available to you. The road ahead will test your resolve, your concentration and your reflexes, forcing you to master your swings and movement as you learn new techniques to overcome the obstacles in the world… or plummet to your doom. The gameplay is driven by two core components: grappling and parkour. Make use of the two grappling hooks to swing from point to point, creating momentum while using parkour-inspired movement to explore the world. Sprint, leap, balance, run on walls and hold on for dear life as you perform incredible, high-altitude, acrobatic stunts.You have full control over the grappling hooks, as well as the direction, speed and timing of your swings. Master and blend all of these elements into fast, fluid and elegant runs. Challenge yourself further by competing against the clock and the time of other runners around the world.Main features:Grappling hooks: With full control over two grappling hooks you can chain swings together and use your momentum for fluid, elegant movement.Parkour: Use wall running, wall jumping, crouching and wall grappling to overcome obstacles and find the best route to the pillar of light.Different grappling mechanics: The game is full of different types of grappling mechanics which will impact the way you move and solve puzzles.Challenges and puzzles: Levels require you to master swinging, movement, various abilities and to discover new ways to use and combine them.Speedrun mode: Race against the clock or try to beat the times of other runners around the world, and compete for a spot on the leaderboards.Intelligent checkpoints: Frequent checkpoints and manual resets mean you can get back into the action as fast as possible. This allows you to practice sections and master an entire level without having to constantly restart. Improve on sections, find the most efficient route and set the best time.						