
							About This Game
							Shadow Of Nebula is a futuristic adventure game set in space. The world of Nebula is heavily influenced by science fiction and cyberpunk genres. The game itself tells a story of a mysterious Star Courier.After forced and sudden landing on an abandoned planet, the hero must fight for his life and find his way home. Along the way he discovers that his presence on the planet wasn't just an accident, and that he's somehow involved in a larger than life intrigue threatening all humanity. The protagonist will have to face many obstacles and solve numerous puzzles to unravel the intrigue... But will it be enough to solve the mystery?StoryThe Year is 3102. After the centuries of progress and technological advancements humanity has reached for the stars and spread through out the entire known galaxy. The Galactic Government - political organization overlooking the humanity - found such a large and wide spread population difficult to control. They wanted a better way, a better system to influence and control people more directly...In the same time in the furthest corners of the Milky Way a scientific expedition was lost on its way home. They found something odd and unusual but most importantly unexpected. Something that was not made by humans - a technology out of our known World. It was a root-shaped organic behemoth of an alien ship. Aliens who no doubt lived on it before were long dead or gone. The ship hanged in space waiting for its moment in time. The moment that was about to come...One man however managed to decipher a large part of the technology left behind by aliens, the genius Alfred Nebula. The advancements gained from it allowed him to develop specialized nanobots that not only knew the human body perfectly and could heal all know diseases but could also affect its mood and thoughts. After realizing how powerful and dangerous his inventions were, Alfred scrapped the results of his studies and all the prototypes of nanobots along with it. Unfortunately, he did not destroy everything...Since then thirty years have passed... And the turning point in the history of humanity is closer than ever! Our hero, a stalwart Space Courier, luckily managed to fight off murderous space pirates and emergency land on seemingly abandoned planet - Ventra Blue. Even though initially he only planed on repairing his ship and leaving as soon as it would be possible, he found himself involved with what he discovered on Ventra Blue and realized that he's one of the main and most important puzzles in the galactic events that were about to unravel and change the future of the whole human race. Against all odds he took upon himself to solve the vast intrigue and along the way he has changed as well...Features Very deep and emotional story Unique hand-drawn art style Challenging puzzles and extensive dialogue trees Unique characters (all with background stories) A Cyberspace parallel world game The game universe encyclopedia in the form of a built-in Info Cube Original soundtrack						