
							About This Game
							Having stolen a rare and priceless artifact, two players find themselves trapped in ancient ruins. Both of you want to be the one to escape ruins with the artifact, but you don't necessarily have enough equipment to do it on your own. But by taking the artifact, a dark and ominous presence within the ruins has been awoken. Will both of you work together to try and solve the perilous puzzles that stand in your path? Or will you forsake each other to try and keep the treasure for yourselves? Or perhaps you will fall prey to that which lurks beneath the earth? There’s only one way to find out…Dyadic is a co-op puzzle platformer…kind of. It’s definitely got platforms and puzzles, but you’re not always required to work together with your partner. Working together may make your journey easier, but you’ll likely have to give up your control over the Jade Statue, an ancient and valuable relic. So, are you and your partner friends, or foes? That’s for you to decide.Now, you may be thinking “If this is a local co-op game, I’m going to need several controllers.” But you won’t! You can play the entire game on just one! And yes, both you and your friend will be using it at the same time. Things not going your way? Try and twist the controller to mess with your partner, or to force them into an unfavourable position. Almost anything is fair game*. Not to worry if you’re a bit more traditional though, you can still use a keyboard, or two controllers if you wish. *We are not liable for any injuries or broken friendships.Key FeaturesHours of co-op puzzle-solving goodness - Puzzle after puzzle to carefully solve, as friends or rivals. Which one is up to you. Three unique zones - Travel through three distinct environments, each with their own puzzles and challenges.A vast collection of deadly traps - Working together not your thing? Don’t worry, there’s plenty of ways to murder your ‘friend’, and it’s as easy as pulling a lever! Play with two controllers, or just one! - Sure, you can use two controllers if you’re boring. But why would you when you and your partner can fight over one! Or you can use a keyboard too, if you want... 						