
							About This Game
							Armed and Gelatinous is a 2D multiplayer couch-competitive bullet-hell space-shooter.Blobs in Space!World Peace has finally been achieved! Planet Earth has painstakingly gathered every last weapon and loaded them onto a massive rocket to be sent into oblivion and never seen again. That is, until a peaceful race of space blobs gets a hold of them and goes absolutely trigger happy! They're Armed and Gelatinous!!!Collect, Grow, and Fight!With each weapon collected, your blob's girth increases, along with its destructive power! Massive blobs have their advantages such as increased health but suffer a significant loss in speed and agility. As for baby blobs, not all hope is lost when up against a mighty foe! Little guys can take the day with a well-place supercharged Dash Attack! The choice is yours, either blast or dash your way to victory!!!Friends and Controllers RequiredArmed and Gelatinous is a love letter to classic local multiplayer games of yesteryear that is easy to pick up but difficult to master. Players of all ages can take on their friends and family in epic battles fine-tuned for quick play sessions at parties or your local barcade. As such, there is no single-player and no network play. Thanks to rewired, most standard 4 button controllers are compatible. Please be sure to have at least one controller and a keyboard before purchasing Armed and Gelatinous.Custom MatchesPersonalize matches however you like! Choose between four different game modes: Death Match Time Match Stock Match Combo KingCustomize each match by setting timer length, total lives, or total kills while also selecting from a deadly arsenal of weaponry to be included in the match. By default, all weapons are enabled.Mini GamesTeam up with your mates for a round of blob soccer. Its highly addictive!Face off 1v1, 2v2, or even 3v1 for those handicap matches!Three Flip DevCastGet entertaining updates, see what the team is up to, and give us feedback. We are open to community suggestions and want to hear from you!DevCastArmed and Gelatinous Forums						