
							About This Game
							A conspiracy is welling deep within the stone walls of an ancient castle.The keep’s master is leading its denizens to construct a revolutionary new device made to move the world forward onto a new path of evolution.Arriving to investigate is our plucky adventurer, Moth, but what lies in store is a secret too vast to be contained by mere castle walls. Prepare to enter an imaginative fantasy world of bugs, battles and bravery in​ Creepy Castle!

Creepy Castle is an exploratory, sidescrolling RPG about an awesome moth, conveniently named Moth, who aims to uncover the vast secrets of a creepy castle. It’s a fresh and charming adventure with the looks of a classic, but don’t be fooled by its retro appearance—it’ll kill you with modern gameplay mechanics. A twist on traditional turn-­based combat, Duels offer players a chance to score free hits on their opponent by performing well. Players shouldn’t let their guard down outside of Duels, however, or they might allow Moth to be squished by one of the castle’s many real-­time dangers, like traditional run-­and-­jump platformers.

Features:
● Creepy Castle follows not just one, but many stories, with each scenario taking players on a multiple ­hour adventure! ​Each story has its own characters, plot and different gameplay.
● Duel it out with a multitude of denizens and bosses in the game’s​ unique turn-based combat​ system and utilize the element of skill to overcome each foe! Each enemy has their own type of Duel​ and also their own special twist that they bring to battle.
● Collect various dusty tomes that contain wisdom, scribbled musings of madmen and dog­eared correspondence which help form a​ comprehensive collection of lore​ that gives insight into the ​ Dopterra universe​!
● Players can customize their interface to their liking! Choose from various window skins​,​ character glow filters and even​ health bars and hearts​ for both the player and enemies!
● Learn more about Creepy Castle’s various foes​ in the bestiary!						