
							About This Game
							Regalia: Of Men And Monarchs is an RPG full of challenging combat and exciting adventures. Create your party of distinct individuals and get to work! There's a lot to be done if you are to rebuild your kingdom. Enjoy the beautiful hand-drawn graphics, lose yourself in the original orchestral soundtrack composed by Game Audio Factory (of Furi and the Endless series fame), and go adventuring in the untamed regions of the land of Ascalia!  Our hero, Kay of House Loren, quite unexpectedly inherits an old, debt-ridden kingdom of Ascalia. A quick trip to relieve the castle of valuables takes a new turn with an embarrassing incident that throws Kay and his siblings into the clutches of responsibility. Now, through some good old fashioned adventuring, Kay has to return his family seat to its former glory, help out his new subjects, and repay the kingdom’s massive debt.Regalia: Of Men And Monarchs is a brand new RPG and a Kickstarter success. It was funded by gamers who, just like us, believe that we need to have more good tactical role-playing games. In the end, it was made to be everything we ourselves want from an honest RPG game.So, will you defeat all the rats, bandits, monsters, and debt collectors? Or will your ruined kingdom fall into an even worse ruin? If you don’t succeed it will be the world’s first ruined ruin. And that’s just the worst.  FEATURESRobust turn-based battles with varied objectives and lots of viable strategies6 various regions to explore, each filled with battles, adventures, bosses and more!More than 20 unique characters to meet, recruit and befriend. Foster relationships and create the ultimate team of misfits!All you need to be a successful king: town management, diplomacy, expeditionsA light-hearted story with tons of humour and a fair amount of epicnessOver 30 hours of gameplayHuge replayability factor: you won’t discover all the content in just one playthroughCraft new, powerful weaponsBeautiful graphics with hand-drawn 2D backgrounds Orchestral soundtrack composed by Game Audio Factory (Endless Legend, Endless Space, Furi)Professional English voice actingSamurai dwarves! PREVIEWSCD-ActionI’d really love to draw your attention to Polish Regalia, Final Fantasy Tactics with Persona-esque social links system and  humourous storytelling like in the Disgaea series.Enemy SlimeThe game already looks remarkably polished, featuring tons of great looking art and an already very deep battle system.The Vertical SliceIf you’re a fan of tactical RPGs, this is definitely something to put on your list.						