
							About This Content
							About this ContentThe Crucible DLC introduces a challenging new arena gameplay mode to the Action RPG Grim Dawn. Enter the Crucible, a harsh battleground filled with waves of Grim Dawn’s deadliest fiends. There you will engage in magnificent combat for the amusement of the Crucible’s mysterious overlord, Lokarr. But he is not a cruel master: endure his trials and be rewarded with vast wealth; fail, and know only his scorn.Countless combatants have fallen prey to the Crucible’s brutal machinations. Will you survive where others have fallen? Or will the arena’s monstrosities, traps, and dark magic get the best of you?The Crucible is an alternate game mode available to all Main Campaign characters, starting at level 1.Key FeaturesMultiple Arenas – Battle across four deadly arenas filled with Grim Dawn’s most vicious beasts and monstrosities. Each arena features a different layout with varied defensive positions.Conquer 150 Unique Waves – Wage tireless battle against 150 unique waves of Grim Dawn’s monster menagerie. The farther you go, the more challenging the combinations become, with the possibility of encountering multiple bosses at once! Progress through the first 100 waves to unlock additional difficulties, which present an even greater challenge but also more reward.Vast Wealth Awaits – The more enemies you defeat, the more treasure and Tributes await you at the end. Cash out your reward and claim your prize, or push farther for even greater wealth; but know that failure also means less treasure.Earn the Favor of the Celestials – Spend hard-earned Tributes to activate powerful arena-wide buffs which empower you and your allies in battle against the Crucible’s fiends.Forge Powerful Defenses – Spend Tributes and Iron Bits to bolster the arena with defenses that aid you in battle. Upgrade them for even greater power!Endure Cruel Mutators – Deadly minions are just the beginning in the Crucible’s arsenal. As you progress through the event, randomized Mutators will become active, amplifying your foes (or you) in one way while weakening them in another.Personal Leaderboard – Keep track of your performance in the Crucible with a personal leaderboard that stores your scores based upon the monsters defeated, the game difficulty and a score multiplier earned by defeating waves of enemies before the bonus timer expires.						