
							About This Software
							Easy French™ Platinum, designed by university language experts, is an interactive learning system that’s proven to teach you French quickly and easily. With progressive learning lessons, speech recognition technology, and immersion learning, you’ll have everything you need to become fluent in French. Build your vocabulary, practice real-world conversations, and perfect your pronunciation.

New & Improved Features

Beyond Reading, Writing, Listening & Speaking
Pronunciation Workshop
Simulated Conversations
Interactive Dictionary
Games to Reinforce Skills
Cultural Movies
Personalized Learning
Tailor Learning to Your Specific Needs
Pre-Assessment Testing
Adjustable Plans
Subject-Specific Courses
Speech Analysis with Voice Recording & Playback
Track Your Progress

Award-Winning Language Software
The Flexible Immersion System™ places you into real-world scenarios where you interact with native speakers to learn more quickly. Input your specific language objectives for personalized learning – you’ll learn exactly what you need for travel, business, or school, right when you need it.

Levels 1, 2, 3 & 4
Develop your skills with four levels of progressive learning, intermediate, and advanced lessons, vocabulary exercises, and interactive games.

Develop Conversational Skills
Build fundamental vocabulary and gain the confidence to hold a conversation, ask questions, and interact in common situations.

Interactive Scenarios for Immersion Learning!
Converse with characters in real-life scenarios based on the most common travel situations.

Perfect Your Accent in the Pronunciation Workshop!
Improve your pronunciation with 3D phonetic diagrams that illustrate the correct movement of the mouth, lips, and tongue. Advanced speech analysis compares your voice with a native speaker’s to perfect your accent.

Learn through Cultural Movies
Enrich your learning. Discover the traditions, vivid imagery, and rich history of French culture with documentary-style movies, narrated in French by a native speaker.

Language Workshops
See it-Hear it-Say it! Fine tune your accent in the speech lab. Record your voice and use advanced speech analysis tools to compare your pronunciation with native speakers. It’s the fastest way to improve your accent and achieve conversational fluency!

Language Workshops
Start by learning basic words and phrases, and then advance to scenario-based conversations. Workshops include vocabulary, grammar, pronunciation, conversation, and interactive simulations.

Games & Activities
Interactive, multi-level games such as Go Fish and Crossword Puzzles add entertainment while reinforcing language skills.

Oral & Written Lessons
Proven and effective lessons emphasize sentence structure, language rules, and vocabulary foundation. Includes printable exercises and a comprehensive online reference book.						