
							About This Game
							The Karters is an arcade karting game, inspired by Crash Team Racing’s gameplay, dynamics and overall design. Grab one of the killing weapons, compete with the opponents and smash them in the Arena mode.  Challenge your friends in a local or global multiplayer, where only one can win. Pick one of the thrilling maps and try to find alternative routes to outsmart your rivals and get the gold!5 unique characters, each brought to life with beautiful animations4 exciting maps (Lush Jungle, Sundown Beach, Dusty Canyon, Rave Town)Battle Arena, where you can smash your opponentsMultiple shattering weapons to finish off your rivalsConquer your opponents in single player mode…… outsmart your friends in local multiplayer…… or finally, compete with the players from all around the world in global multiplayer.10-12 Characters,12-16 Exciting Maps4 Battle Arena MapsEven bigger number of weapons, each having unique propertiesGlobal game rankingMessage From the Developers:As great fans of Crash Team Racing, we used to wonder what this game could look like in modern times. While browsing through various forums about CTR, it became clear to us that the community shares our desire for a more up-to-date karting game, especially the one that would support online multiplayer. In The Karters, we are trying to bridge the gap that CTR has left. We realize that Crash Team Racing is a legend that set the bar high. However, by putting a strong emphasis on the mechanics and marking the game with its unique style, we do hope The Karters will bring players lots of joy and pure fun.Follow Us:Official The Karters WebsiteThe Karters on Facebook@The Karters on TwitterAbout the Developers:Cmoar Studio is an indie studio from Poland, currently consisting of 9 representatives. Having highly successful track record of mobile VR applications (Cmoar Cinema or Cmoar Rollercoaster), we are now bringing our first game to the PC.Learn more at: Cmoar Studio Website and Cmoar Studio on Facebook						