
							About This Game
							The Last Look is about finding the exit in an old house while solving puzzles and hiding from a scary enemy. By solving challenging puzzles in an eerie setting, the player is to be offered an equally entertaining and exciting gaming experience. The realistic characters and gripping story will excite and thrill game newbies and experienced players alike.StoryOne night, Alice Johnson, a young woman who is working for the Solaris Research and Technology Center, wakes up in a rundown bathroom. Strange voices echo through the locked door. She remembers a company party, but although she did not have too much to drink, she can't remember how she got to that place. One thing is clear: something strange is happening. How is her boss involved? How the always stressed department clerk? And who the hell is that spooky goth girl teenager? And then there is one other, far more disturbing thing: Alice is not alone. Equipped with her mind as her only weapon, Alice needs to overcome all obstacles to win back her freedom. Maybe all of this is a perfidious test, maybe a conspiracy of the government or even the game of a serial killer. And the closer she gets to solve the mystery, the more disturbing things get. Is there a way out after all?FeaturesThe game mixes up strong atmospheric horror with clever, logical puzzles as well as an enemy you should avoid at all cost. Dynamic AI/no pre-scripted enemyWe have put a lot of effort into our artificial intelligence. You can encounter it anywhere at anytime, making it nearly impossible to calculate where it will search for you next.Characters rooted in realityAlice, the character you will be playing has strengths and weaknesses. She is brave, clever and takes her unwillingly journey with a spoon of sarcasm. Dynamic Health System“Don’t run, it will weaken you! Drink, it will restore your strength.” Our health system adapts to your playstyle. Believable InventoryYou can only carry, what would fit into Alice pockets A focus on telling you a thrilling and twisted storyOne of our main goals with The Last Look is to tell an interesting, unusual story with believable characters and mixing that with interesting gameplay inspired by oldschool horror movies and videogames. Rich, detailed world that begs you to explore itVaried game setting from indoor to outdoorWhat's playable right now?Currently, the first two chapters of The Last Look are playable in the early access version. The third chapter will be release before the game is completely released. Also note that we only use the term "chapter" internally: The game will be released as one single game.						