
							About This Game
							City Car Driving – realistic car driving simulator, which will help you master the basic skills of the car driving in various traffic conditions, with plunging into the environment most closely resembling the real one."Smart" traffic, unpredictable pedestrians and sudden dangerous situations will not let relax and will maintain the atmosphere of the real road setting. And the full range of weather conditions (rain, snow, fog, clear ice) and different time of day will help you prepare for driving in unexpected conditions.Control of following the traffic rules and tips will allow solidify theoretical knowledge of traffic rules adopted in various countries of the world, and special autodrome will enable to practice various types of exercises: from the basic training to practicing the elements of extreme driving and defensive driving.Key features:The option of choosing a time of day and weather conditions (rain, snow, clear ice, nighttime, fog, etc.)  Sudden dangerous situations, such as: driving on the oncoming lane, sudden stop, abrupt lane changing by the cars in the traffic, pedestrians running across the road, traffic lights going out of service, etc. Random routes in the free driving mode with adjustable parameters. Function of record/play for subsequent analysis of driving mistakes.Narrow mazy yards and multi-level parking lots with numerous cars. Trams as full-featured participants of the traffic.Realistic behaviour of the traffic, which can violate the traffic rules. Support of traffic rules of different countries: USA, Australia, European Union, Russian Federation, including the right-hand and left-hand traffic for relevant countries.A wide selection of cars. In addition to various cars, the simulator features: a light truck, a mini-van, an off-road vehicle, a pick-up and a mini-car, and also vehicles with right-hand position of the steering wheel. The cars have the whole set of controls, including a sound signal and lighting devices.Realistic physics influencing the behaviour of the vehicles on the road and admitting of full crashes with visible damage.Support of mechanical and automatic gear boxes working in accordance with real analogues.Support of the newest and advanced steering wheels, such as  "Logitech G27 / G29 / G920" and the likes, and the whole associated functionality: feedback, maximum angle of turn 900 degrees, clutch pedal, etc. Support of Oculus Rift and TrackIR. Support of third-party modifications.						