
							About This Game
							Nothin’ But Net brings you a realistic and fun basketball sports simulation to your VR play space. Play different variations of basketball on a life-sized gymnasium, challenging your friends in up to six different game modes including: Speedball, Team Speedball, H-O-R-S-E, Knockout, Rapid Fire and Free Throw. Or, practice solo in one of six game modes.Key Features: Realistic Physics: Master realistic dribbling, shooting, and balancing skills.  Accurately Scaled Environment: Experience shooting hoops in a realistic and accurately scaled gymnasium.  Adjustable Hoops: Adjust the hoop height to regulation, or lower it to make shots from your chair easier. Tailored Game Play: Adjust several settings to tailor game play to your realism preference and Virtual Reality setup, be it standing, sitting or a low ceiling. Five Online Game Modes: Compete with friends and make new ones in five different online game modes. Six Offline Game Modes: Practice your skills and compete on the leaderboards in six offline game modes, several of which have varying levels of difficulty. Movement Freedom: Move around the entire gymnasium; playing with up to six different hoops spread throughout the court. Customization: Show your unique personality by customizing your court and avatar.  Built-in Steam Music Integration: Rock out and control your own music in game with the Steam Music Player integration.Game Modes:Speed-BallSpeed-Ball is the first 1v1 real-time pick-up style mode for virtual reality! In Speed-Ball, you go head to head with another player in real time, competing to be the first to score 20 points. If you are in possession of the ball, you can throw it down the court to move. You’ll automatically teleport and turn to face the ball so that you can catch it. Beware though! A savvy enough opponent can teleport in front of you to snag the ball. To keep the game moving at a fast pace, you can only hold the ball for up to two consecutive seconds. If you’re running out of power, consider dribbling the ball while you decide your next move. Speed-Ball can be played with 2 players.Note: This mode has been highly immersive in our play tests. A larger play space is recommended. Free ThrowFree Throw opens the gymnasium, letting you do what you want, when you want. Free Throw mode is without rules, letting you define your own or practice dribbling, shooting and balancing either online with friends or by yourself. Everything is enabled, making it the perfect place to explore the other features that Nothin’ But Net has to offer.Free Throw can be played with 1-4 players.Three-Point ShootoutTake the ultimate three-point shooting challenge in Three-Point Shootout!You will have one minute to make 25 shots from five positions around the three-point line into a regulation height hoop. The orange balls reward one point and the black/red balls reward two points. Three-Point Shootout is only available offline.H-O-R-S-EEnjoy the classic game of H-O-R-S-E, but with a word of your choice! Each round, you or a friend will need to invent a new shot. If made, everyone else will need to take the exact same shot. Anyone who misses the shot will gain a letter. Once they gain all letters for the word, they will be eliminated. The last player standing wins! Offline games are played against Kevin, who has varying difficulties. H-O-R-S-E can be played with 1-4 players.Rapid FireRapid Fire tests your ability to shoot without having much time to aim your shot. Score as many points possible in the time given. Shoot fast or your ball will disappear! You can either challenge your friends in real time or play by yourself and see how you rank against the global leaderboards.Rapid Fire can be played with 1-4 players.Mix-Up and Power ShotBoth Mix-Up and Power Shot will have you rapidly teleporting around the entire gymnasium while you try to make shots as quickly as possible. Power Shot adds a variation to the game by blocking your way with an obstacle, making it so you must shoot through a moving/rotating loop and into the basket.Mix-Up and Power Shot are only available offline.Team Speedball (Coming Soon)Teams Speedball is the first 2v2 real-time pick-up style basketball mode for virtual reality! In Team Speedball, you and one other friend will pair up to compete against against another team. First team to score 20 points wins! There's no traveling down the court when holding the ball, so you'll need to quickly and strategically plan your moves with your teammate.Team Speedball will only be available online and is played with 4 players.Knockout (Coming Soon)Complete against your friends to see who can make a shot the quickest, or risk being eliminated! In Knockout, each player will line up at the free throw line. The first player in line will have one chance to make a basket. If they miss, the next player in line will have a chance. The goal is to score a basket before the other player does. If the first player in line scores and is considered safe and move to the back of the line. However, if the second player in line scores, the first player is eliminated. Each round begins the same, with new players in the first and second positions. The last player standing wins!Knockout is only available online and is played with 2-4 players.Early AccessNothin' But Net is currently in Early Access with newly added multiplayer support. You can play four game modes: Speedball, H.O.R.S.E., Rapid Fire and Free Throw. Bugs and a clunky feel (in some scenarios), should be expected as we continue to develop the game.						