
							About This Game
							Rogue Islands is a fast-paced action shooter set in a procedural fantasy world. You control a nimble druid that can levitate and cast powerful magic spells. The action is fast and smooth, and the enemies are numerous and relentless.Each island is a unique and complex 3d sculpture brimming with monsters, temples, forests, mountains, caves and bosses. Massive cliffs rise from the depths. Insane, twisted passages wind their way through valleys and under mountains. And no two islands are ever the same!The islands are infested with a demonic horde. Spinefish lurk in the watery depths, skeletons march across the hillsides, vile shaman screech and fly overhead, vicious Hell-bats spit fireballs that erupt and ignite the canopy. Nowhere is safe, especially after dark when Ghastly apparitions descend from the stars and hunt you down.If you're good enough to survive the horde, you'll make it to the five summoning circles where you can summon one of the five Lords of Torment; the game's bosses.Use Spark Shot to mine blocks from the earth, or get up close and unleash a massive electric Zap; instantly reducing small foes to a smoking heap. If things get out of control, summon a Swarm of wasps to take the heat or protect yourself with a sentient Bolt that defends you against sneak attacks.Later in the game, you can find the Charred Switch; an ancient and powerful wand that harnesses elemental fire.The islands are rich with sparkling gems and powerful minerals. Learn which terrain strata houses the materials you need to power your spells. Imbue Diamonds, Rubies and Emeralds with the spirit of your fallen foes. Then use them to unlock and upgrade your spells.And keep a look-out for food. A hungry wizard cannot regenerate his health!With each play-through, you will accumulate the necessary experience to survive and defeat The Lords of Torment. No two islands are identical, but with each playthrough you will learn how to exploit each biome and survive.If you persist, you will eventually make it to The Gasping Burrows and face down the game’s final boss, The Prime Torment…						