
							About This Game
							DYE is a challenging twitch platformer where you help Hue rescue Pigments and defeat the nefarious Necrolights in order to restore color to the world!  Jump, wall jump and float your way through 4 unique worlds with hundreds of challenges.  Anyone from first-time platform gamers to experienced hardcore speedrunners will find a rewarding test of skill in Hue's homeworld.DYE has tight and responsive controls, and has been balanced around the use of a controller.  Full keyboard support is available, but spare your hands and sanity (seriously), and use a controller.  DYE has native support for the Xbox One and Xbox 360 controllers, and the Steam Controller via controller profiles.What others are saying"Now that... That's some level design!" - Goodbye18000 - https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC6x2aFy7yLboQW9MmyRyG2A"The music is quite catchy!" - Tealgamemaster  - https://www.youtube.com/user/tealgamemaster"Its that attention to detail that separates, in my opinion, different tiers of developer!" -Vellhart - https://www.twitch.tv/vellhart"I really am enjoying myself playing this game!" - Krazyman50 - https://www.twitch.tv/krazyman50Key Features56 levels (560 total pigments to collect)4 worlds with unique boss fightsHard Mode versions of each levelChallenge levelsScaling difficulty from beginner to expert levelOriginal 18 track soundtrack (55 minutes)AchievementsTrading cardsWhat's In Each World?Each world contains 9 regular levels, 4 challenge levels and 1 unique boss fight.  The 9 regular levels in each world of DYE are a series of challenges with Pigments along the way.  Each Pigment you rescue will restore a layer of color, and rescuing all 5 in a level will restore all color to that level.  The Normal Mode of the level will have checkpoints along the way, while the Hard Mode modifier will remove all checkpoints and add additional danger.  The 4 challenge levels in each world of DYE are filled with 100 "dust".  You free a Pigment every 20 dust collected.  There are no checkpoints in the challenge levels, and the Hard Mode version of these levels adds a restrictive time limit.						