
							About This Game
							An award-winning 2016 indie game!Sally is making her way to her childhood home in order to see her critically-ill father. So unfolds the journey of Sally, the girl for whom nothing can stand in her way.A journey teeming with unbelievably-good fortune. Could Sally's luck be a mere coincidence?Roll and jump throughout the journey home, revealing Sally and Father's past.DescriptionSally's Law is the opposite of Murphy's Law.  Consider a particularly lucky moment of your life when everything fell into place, that is Sally's Law! It is that very notion of supernaturally good fortune - as though guided by some invisible force - upon which Sally's Law the Game was designed.Follow along with Sally as she effortlessly rolls and leaps towards home. Discover Father's story through flashbacks along the way.Immediately replay each scene as the spirit of Sally's Father, granting Sally the gift of a reality with extraordinary fortune.Race...no, ROLL to solve a variety of puzzles!Experience a unique puzzle-platformer, encountering a variety of fun tricks while at the same time enjoying a story.AwardGoogle Play Indie Games Festival 2016 : Top3Busan Indie Connect Festival 2016 : Excellence In Narrative FinalistFeaturesStory and Game: Experience the story first-hand as you play through the game.Puzzle-platformer: Time your jumps while solving a series of puzzles!Circles and Squares: Beautiful artwork encased in simple shapes.Translate the text of Sally's Law, We need you help! Hello, there. We plan to add Spanish, Germany, Japanese and Chinese text soon. And after that, we will release our Sally's Law on Appstore and Playstore globally. Due to our limited budget, we only can translate 4 languages above. It would be very thankful if one of you translate our game's text in your language. You can freely access and edit to the file. Please refer the below link.  -Sally's Law Localization file-https://drive.google.com/file/d/0By4yJaVjf4-8d2Y4VUZ2eFFvazQ/view?usp=sharingWe can add your name on our Credit and number of Steam/Appstore/Playstore keys(If you have interest on other things, please tell us).						