
							About This Game
							We think they came from space.   We think they are evil.    But, we know they have invaded the cities of Earth and made all life a bummer, so they must be destroyed.  However, they are impervious to all forms of conventional weaponry.Fortunately for humanity, Dr. Klaus von Hammersphere has discovered the rare element AntiOrbium which sends the Evil Orbs back to whence they came (wherever that is) and he has invented a device that he affectionately calls the “Elementary Evil Orb Disposal Device 2000” (EEODD 2000 for short) which can be used to shoot and deflect balls of AntiOrbium at the Orbs.  He is recruiting you to wield this device and save humanity.  What do you say?  Do you want to save humanity?CONTROLSUse your mouse to control the EEODD 2000 and fire balls of AntiOrbium at the Evil Orbs.  Because AntiOrbium is a very rare element, there is only so much to go around.   Fortunately, you can also use the EEODD to control the balls after you have fired them at the orbs and try to knock the balls back at remaining Orbs to maximize the amount of Orbs popped per each AntiOrbium ball fired.GAMEThe Evil Orbs are devious and have utilized common materials from Earth to protect themselves from your barrage of AntiOrbium.As in any armed conflict between humans and mysterious Orb-like entities, Dr. Hammersphere is hard at work inventing special powerups for your EEODD 2000 to win the arms race with the Evil Orbs.  Utilize these powerups in different combinations to overcome whatever the Evil Orbs throw at you.Once you have popped all the Evil Orbs in a city, the cloud of total bummerness will dissipate from the newly saved city, and the  residents will celebrate your victory with a party.  But, no time for you to stand around celebrating, for you must save all 132 cities around the world in order to stop the Evil Orbs before they complete their plan for world domination.Save a city by using fewer AntiOrbium balls, and Dr. Hammersphere will reward you with a medal for your thriftiness.  Can you earn gold medals on every level?Along the way, you and Dr. Hammersphere just might solve the mystery of where the Evil Orbs came from in the first place.Can you beat the Challenge Mode?Challenge your friends and duel them either over the network or hotseat!Save replays of your awesome shots and amaze your friends and family! Post them online and become the gaming star that you have always imagined yourself to be!Can you earn all 120 trophies?						