
							About This Content
							Gear up! This pack contains a permanent  XCR Ignis assault rifle weapon skin for the Rifleman class, plus a temporary weapon and character skin for each class, a temporary armor package, and a Double Booster that doubles the amount of in-game currency and experience you earn for 15 calendar days.
XCR Ignis (Permanent)–A stylish variant of the Robinson XCR, with a fiery finish and truly explosive performance. For use by the rifleman class.M4A1.BRONX (14 Days)–With increased penetration and stopping power, it's no wonder they named this special-edition assault rifle after the toughest neighborhood in New York! The weapon contained in this package expires after 14 calendar days.UMP45 Beware (14 Days)–A limited-edition model of the UMP45, with a unique modern pattern. The weapon contained in this package expires after 14 calendar days.FR-F2 Legend (14 Days)–This special edition of the FR-F2 is decked out with a distinctive pattern designed by Anapshock, a member of the AVA community. The weapon contained in this package expires after 14 calendar days.Marek R. Reznak (14 Days)–[Marek Rastislav Reznak] A former soldier in the Czechoslovakian Army who now works as a private military contractor for the CIA, usually carrying out special operations. (Lucky Shot +2%.  When using this item, other items that affect character appearance will not be applied.) This character skin expires after 14 calendar days.Ahmed (14 Days)–[Ahmed Abdel Kader Samir] Part of+A13:F21 an SAS crew recruited from a group of Libyan refugees. His skills include infiltration and assimilation, and his exceptional talents makes him a vital part of any mission (Shorter exposure time after being shot, 0.5 seconds, EXP +20%, Lucky shot 2%.) This character skin expires after 14 calendar days.Priest (14 Days)–[Kaizad Tatanji Bulsara] An Indian Parsi working as a private military contractor, he earned the nickname 'Priest' due to his gentle but solemn demeanor. (Lucky Shot +2%.  Increased SR reload time. When using this item, other items that affect character appearance will not be applied.) This character skin expires after 14 calendar days.Double Booster (14 Days)–Activate the Double Booster to receive double the amount of EURO (in-game currency) and EXP earned from matches. The Double Booster expires after 14 calendar days.14 Armor Package (14 Day)–A full set of armor, combat-ready for all classes! These items grant must-have game effects, including decreased damage, decreased recoil, increased movement speed, and more! The armor contained in this package expires after 14 calendar days.						