
							About This Game
							Space Tyrant is a fast-paced roguelikelikelike 4X game set in a grimly grimdark future. Build a terrifying space fleet, devastate planets, and slaughter peaceful extraterrestrials in your relentless march to total domination! Will the forces of Galactic Order halt your invasion or are you truly ready to face-punch the universe? 

From the people who designed, produced, drew stuff for, or ate lunch with the people who made Bejeweled, Peggle, and Plants vs Zombies comes a more sinister strategic experience with far fewer unicorns. 

We all enjoyed 4x and roguelike games but found our minds wandering to nearby squirrels, etc, during a typical session. So, under the aegis of newly formed Blue Wizard Digital (who also make the awesome SLAYAWAY CAMP, check it out) we set out to make a zero-attention span mega-empire game, where you could have titanic space battles and huge galaxy-spanning conquests but not run over your employer-mandated allotment of lunch-eating minutes. 

IN SPACE NOBODY CAN HEAR YOU DIE SCREAMING, THOUGH YOU ARE STILL DYING, RIGHT, IT'S JUST YOUR SCREAMS DON'T TRANSMIT THROUGH THE VACUUM 

Also, we didn't care about winning any "cultural victories" or "Space United Nations" crap, so there's none of that. We wanted to disintegrate guys and watch tons of weird spaceships explode. So there is a whole lot of that, plus collecting artifacts and leveling up and conquering planets and executing ambassadors and that sort of thing. Also we hear you like cards? We have cards. So many cards, let me tell you. 

But it's not all vaporizing mewling, hapless slavelings. While bashing your way through space, you’ll eventually face off against the ‘mall cops’ of the universe - the ASTRONS. They might try to slap your hand and call your parents, but a truly merciless tyrant will plow right through these goody two-shoes. And to reward your unsavory efforts, a whole new empire will be yours to agitate. New races of scientifically implausible creatures to lord over, new types of frankly ridiculous technology to research, new commanders to throw into the fray, new cards to, um, do card things with. 

What are you waiting for? Play now, my lord!						