
							About This Content
							A rollicking high seas adventure for 9th-level characters!All pirates acquire enemies at some point, and pirate PCs are no exception. Whether they've stolen a precious artifact or just because an old nemesis wants them dead, it makes little difference. When a rival pirate lord calls in a large amount of favors and sets a fearsome raiders of the Storm Wolf against the PCs,led by the vicious Captain Sculberd Craggs, nothing they prize is truly safe. These marauding raiders cut a bloody swath through the heroes' holdings while they are away adventuring, setting off a feud that can have but one ending. Such inexorable enmity can only be repaid in blood, and when the heroes discover the location of the raiders’ base on the volcanic island known as The Steaming Isle, it is their opportunity to turn the tables and unleash a roaring rampage of reaping revenge against Captain Craggs and his crew of blackguards and scoundrels.Islands of Plunder: Scourge of the Steaming Isle is an adventure for 9th-level PCs full of mystery and peril upon the high seas, below the waves, and on dangerous islands, incorporating investigation and negotiation alongside deadly danger on board ship and among the deadly reefs below. It includes two sets of maps, one for the GM and an unkeyed set for players.Scourge of the Steaming Isle is the third in a series of pirate-themed Islands of Plunder adventures by superstar author Matt Goodall, collaborating on this adventure with Joshua Root, with amazing artwork by Ivan Dixon and William Hendershott and marvelous maps by Pedro Coelho. This adventure can be easily dropped into any seafaring campaign, though it also harmonizes beautifully with the official Pirate Adventure Path from Paizo, Inc. (issues #55 to 60). The Islands of Plunder series continues Legendary Games’ tradition of bringing you outstanding content by the best authors in the business, combined with amazing art and production values and innovative layout design. We hope you enjoy using our products as much as we enjoy making them, and that you’ll keep coming back again and again to Make Your Game Legendary!Requires: An active subscription or a one time purchase of a Fantasy Grounds Full or Ultimate license and the included Pathfinder ruleset (3.5E Compatible).						