
							About This Game
							Airport Master is a very detailed game about airport management and aviation in general. Play as a newly appointed Airport Manager and bring your Airport to prosperity and growth! Manage all aspects of everyday Regional Airport life, such as airline relations, aircraft ground services, passenger terminal, flight schedule management and many more. Buy fuel via system of refinery contracts and sell it to aircraft operators via fuel truck loading and centralized pipeline. Hire airport staff and pay salaries. Tear you hair apart when weather suddenly interrupts your brilliant flight scheduling ) Upgrade airport facilities, radio-navigational aids, buildings, businesses, vehicles. Win airlines' respect and city mayor's approval! Use money you earn to build even larger better and more technically advanced airport! Enjoy detailed realistic 3D-graphics, real world equipment, aircraft, vehicles, ATC procedures, performance specs, sounds! Airport Master is created by people who love aviation Airport Master is created by people who love games and actually did play every single airport management game out there and saw all the flaws and all the great stuff Airport Master is the only game in the genre that takes things seriously without compromise on things like real-time, flight dynamics, ICAO-compliant procedures, specs, markings, sizes, weights Airport Master is the game forged with love to detail that modern aviation world has and the game that can teach you or your child about what aviation is about Airport Master is the game that is totally focused on how planes fly and how things work and not how they fail or don't work - no crashes nor accidents, instead real world numbers, performances, sounds recorded at the airfield - the game you and your kid would enjoy without any need to resort to violence ) Airport Master is really a game that will make you think (airport economy management-wise) and may at some point bring you to bankrupcy and start over - but in that it excells at showing the real world of aviation  Airport Master is full of details - if you're a gamer who recognizes the effort people may invest by going to local aero-club to measure hangar-space with ruller and talk to those oldie-type flight instructors to learn all ins and outs of a flight-school daily routines - this game will definitely make you feel warm inside! Airport Master aims really high and thus we both need your support and understanding that it's development would not end up by v.1.0 - there are so many great thing we can incorporate in Airport Master that we need your feedback and support to decide which deserve that and which can be omittedEnjoy the Ultimate Airport Management Experience!						