
							About This Game
							A Blast From the Past!8-Bit Armies is a retro Real-Time Strategy game for the PC. With a colorful, blocky voxel art style, 8-Bit Armies is Petroglyph's most fast-paced, friendly, and accessible RTS game to date. Collect resources, build up and defend your base, amass your army of military units, and ultimately crush your opponents! 8-Bit Armies, 8-Bit Hordes, and 8-Bit Invaders features offline single-player mission campaigns, two-player cooperative campaigns, AI skirmish modes, and Player-vs-Player Multiplayer modes running on dedicated game servers.  If you're interested in many hours of offline/campaign gameplay fun, definitely check out our the full version of our gamesThis Free version of Petroglyph's popular 8-Bit Series of games lets you get online and play one of six different armies across dozens of multiplayer maps versus players around the world.  You get a different faction to play each day from 8-Bit Armies, Hordes, or Invaders including a sample of maps you can launch games with.The free version includes all of the following... Access to all 6 Armies (Renegades, Guardians, Lightbringers, Deathsworn, Colonial Marines, and Cranioids) - one per day. Free players can host a game or join any game in progress including those hosted by anyone else. The original game tutorial to get you up and running quickly In-Game Manual to reference on demand Select music tracks from our composer Frank Klepacki across all three original titles Replay mode to watch and learn new strategies from the top players  Observer mode to spectate games in progress and stream online Custom Game options to choose your own win conditions, random crates, cash, and other parameters AI support in multiplayer so you and a friend can team up with or against the computer Quickmatch mode - just one click to get into the action Dedicated 24/7 monitored serversThe full package including all our games includes the above plus...Access to all 6 factions with no restrictionsOver 70 challenging offline campaign missionsEndless skirmish battles against up to 7 AI opponents with multiple difficulty options30+ Co-op missions to play with your friends against the AI30+ multiplayer/skirmish maps that support up to 8 players onlineThe full in-game soundtracks for all three 8-Bit titlesClassic Base-Building mechanics let you construct the ultimate HQ from which to launch attacks against your foesDestructible environments on maps ranging from small to very largeEasy to understand modern military units and structures lets RTS beginners jump right inFrom the same team that brought you RTS classics such as Star Wars: Empire at War, Universe at War, and Grey GooBuy one of the games - or all three at a substantial discount.  8-Bit Armies, Invaders, and Hordes are for anyone that enjoys fast action, strategy games.  With hours of solo and co-op gameplay included, there's something here for everyone!						