
							About This Content
							A Castles & Crusades Library module for Fantasy GroundsCastles & Crusades Quick Start Rules (Free)Throughout mankind’s history, warfare has been an endemic part of his culture. From tribal beginnings to the rise of the Roman Imperium and beyond, man has waged war. The tools of this brutal trade have changed over the years, from simple stone to complex metal. They have changed as necessity dictates and experience allows. These are the arms and armor of the early medieval period of Western Europe.This work will concentrate on the weapons and armor suits and pieces common to Western Europe roughly covering 800 A.D. to 1200 A.D. This period saw the technology of the warrior emerge from the traditions of the ancient Roman world and begin to develop a uniquely European flavor, for a uniquely European warrior’s needs.For the player of Castles & Crusades (and many other RPGs) this work will give a brief perspective on the history and effectiveness of certain arms and armor types. All too often in RPGs, a weapon or armor type is given a weight and damage factor, but not WHY the particular weapon or armor piece was created. What was the reason for the Bearded Axe when the Roman Dolabra Axe was already invented? Why make a Longsword when the Legionnaire’s Gladius Shortsword was already around? Why carry a wooden shield when Iron ones were available? This work hopes to answer these questions in a concise manner without bogging the reader down in a plethora of charts or dry expositions!This library module divides the various weapons and armor types into a brief listing that gives the vital statistics of the item in question, followed by an annotated description and history to allow Castle Keepers to place the armament in its proper historical context.Conversion by: Alan NeilsonReleased on September 21, 2010. Designed for Fantasy Grounds version 2.9.9 and higher.Requirements: An active subscription or a one time purchase of a Fantasy Grounds Full or Ultimate License and a one time purchase of the Castles & Crusades ruleset.						