
							About This Content
							Ø one's Colorprints #1: Tomb of the Shadow KingMap Module for Fantasy GroundsMany believe the Tomb of the Shadow King is nothing more than a legend. Whispered to contain riches beyond human imagination, the tomb has never been found, or, at least, nobody has returned to tell about its discover.Ancient legends tell about the Shadow King, a mighty tyrant who ruled the Northern Kingdoms for only 20 years. These 20 years were the bloodiest years of the human history. It is said the Shadow King was one of the most charismatic men ever: his words could enthrall thousands of people at once and his presence was enough to submit instantly fierce barbarian civilizations. His reign was like a burning torch: brief and intense.During 20 years of ruling he conquered, slaughtered and tortured almost the whole known world and then, as swift as it came, the reign ended, leaving no heirs or successors. The tale tells the king, feeling his imminent death, summoned to his court a powerful necromancer. With the aid of the dreaded wizard he built a magical tomb and, during a stormy night, personally slaughtered his wife, his son and his whole court. Then the necromancer entombed the King with all his treasure and family, protecting them with dreadful necromantic magic and eventually transformed himself in a powerful archlich. The evil undead, is said, dwells in a hidden sublevel of the tomb, looking for poor souls who dare to violate the Tomb of the Shadow KingThe map module has been carefully organized to allow the GM the easily prepare adventures within multiple campaigns simultaneously, while still allowing maps modules to be opened or closed as needed. Each map is linked within a an easy to follow outline story entry, with links to the map in mutliple resolutions. This product is usable with any ruleset.Fantasy Grounds Conversion by 0one GamesReleased on February 05, 2010. Designed for Fantasy Grounds version 2.9.9 and higher.Requirements: An active subscription or a one time purchase of a Fantasy Grounds Full or Ultimate license and any ruleset.						