
							About This Game
							Champions Online brings epic heroism back to the MMORPG genre with depth that challenges the most experienced online gamers, while its fast-paced action engages new entrants to the online superhero universe. Join Defender and the legendary Champions to stop Dr. Destroyer and his minions in the ultimate showdown between good and evil.									Key features:									Free-to-Play: Play a triple-A MMO experience without cost. Play from level 1 to 40 free of charge! There is no box price and no mandatory subscription. Enjoy Champions Online as you like, when you like.									Total Customization: Choose from thousands of different costume pieces, colors and body types to create your character's one-of-a-kind look. There are billions of possible combinations, and even in a universe brimming with the fantastic and the unforgettable, you can be completely unique!									Keep Your Enemies Close: Every hero must have an archenemy. Design your character's supreme adversary, choosing a name, powers and costume for a superpowered foe to bedevil your hero throughout his or her career.									Endless Exploration: The battle against evil rages across the world and into alternate dimensions. No other MMO offers players the chance to explore such diverse realms — from the shining skyscrapers of Millennium City and the frozen wastes of Canada to the hidden underwater city of Lemuria, the foul mystical dimension known as Qliphothic, and the tormented Vibora Bay.									Evil Most Foul: Battle supervillains, aliens, giant monsters and secret, sinister organizations. Doctor Destroyer is launching new plans to conquer the world. VIPER lurks in the shadows, seeking chances to strike at humanity. The ancient Lemurians are plotting a return to power. And Mechanon won't stop until it has wiped all organic life from the planet. Can you stop these heinous threats to humanity?									Hi-Octane Excitement: Combat is instantaneous and electrifying. No more boring auto attacks and lengthy recharge times. 									Brains Required: Every enemy and super-powered threat in Champions Online has its own unique abilities and combat specialties. Use your head or wind up dead!									Bring Friends, Make Friends: Our universe is jam-packed with thousands of heroes, facing thousands of threats. Join up with other heroes, create your own super group, and prepare to take on the ultimate threats!									Your Powers, Your Terms: There is a multitude of astonishing powers to choose from and the flexible character creation system gives you total control over your hero's abilities. You can even pick the appearance of your powers. Do you want purple force fields? Green fire blasts? Jet black claws? You decide!									Bigger and Better: Vanquish evil and your successes will be rewarded with costume pieces to enhance your powers and abilities. Then customize the appearance of those rewards to your vision of your hero's look and abilities!									Make Your Mark: All this within a constantly changing, continually evolving story: Villains are defeated. Heroes rise and fall. Cities transform. Your actions may decide the future!															