
							About This Game
							Test Drive Unlimited 2 transforms the driving genre, adding the persistency, progression and customization of the latest multiplayer games to the auto racing experience.					Test Drive Unlimited 2 blends single player and multiplayer experiences seamlessly, creating a dynamic world of evolving content and challenges. Players define their online persona through unparalleled customization of their avatars and vehicles, and the acquisition of property, clothing and other accoutrements of a luxurious international lifestyle. All-new race types, vehicle classes, environmental challenges, locations and much more push this epic franchise to new levels of performance.					Chase glory from behind the wheel of the most exclusive performance cars and take the race online to challenge rivals around the world. Customize your life as you tear through the streets and kick up dust off - road on the sun - kissed islands of Ibiza and Hawaii.					Key Features:					CONNECT: TDU2 is "always live" with automatic content updates and seamless online/offline integration.  New content, challenges and features will integrate dynamically into the gameplay as the world evolves over time.  					SOCIALIZE: A whole new, out of car mode, where you can walk around shared spaces and interact with other players. New player run clubs are now a huge part of the game. New co-op play; follow the leader, keep your distance and enhance the experience within the social networking world.					CUSTOMIZE: Unlock a huge range of options and show off your custom avatar to friends and rivals. Customize your car with custom paint jobs, decals, interiors and trims. Customize every aspect of your avatar –– hair, clothes, physique and attitude. Buy your dream house or yacht, decorate, furnish and invite your friends.					RACE!: Test Drive Unlimited 2 puts the world’s most desirable vehicles in the player’s hands. These ultra-limited edition masterpieces are flawlessly replicated with Eden’s finely tuned driving technology. Unlock vehicles from elite manufacturers such as Gumpert, Koenigsegg, Aston Martin, Audi and more. 					EXPERIENCE: An all-new single player story mode with compelling character progression.  A dramatic narrative, unforgettable characters, and immersive cut scenes to draw you in to the vibrant world of Test Drive Unlimited 2.  Single player mode can be experienced offline or as part of the multiplayer experience.  Create your custom avatar and build your fortune.					EXPLORE: Hit the streets on a whole new island:  IBIZA.  New terrain types, architecture and beautiful vistas bring this legendary location to life.  Take on thousands of unique missions as you explore over two-thousand miles of back roads and black top in this Mediterranean paradise. Additionally, you can head to the Ibiza airport and take a flight to Oahu and experience the Hawaiian island as you never have before: with more than 600km of new asphalt and off-road network added as well as completely new missions and challenges.					M.O.O.R.™: Massively Open Online Racing is back!   Level up your character based on your style of play, enjoy all co-op and competitive racing modes, and take on other racers that you encounter in our high-speed sandbox.					EVOLVE: Dozens of new enhancements, features and modes: dynamic weather, day/night, motion blur, car damage, a completely new handling model and more.   New core driving modes and game-play: Championship, racing school, duels, cups. Off-road is now featured, with a whole new class of vehicle and hundreds of miles of off road tracks now in the game.											