
							About This Game
							Tribes: Ascend is the world’s fastest shooter - a high-adrenaline, online multiplayer FPS with jetpacks, skiing, vehicles, and multiple classes. The classic shooter franchise Tribes has been played by well over 1 million people. With Tribes: Ascend, the franchise is reborn – fast-paced, vertical, acrobatic combat combined with class-based teamwork and stunning sci-fi visuals.Key Features:Skiing: A slow soldier is a dead soldier. By holding down space bar you remove friction and build momentum to traverse large maps, hunt down targets, and escape enemy territory at intense speeds.Jetpacks: Total freedom of movement and aerial, dog-fight like combat. Class-Based Combat: Unlock up to nine distinct classes, each with unique weapon loadouts and abilities.Player Progression: As you play a class you gain experience which is used to unlock class-specific skills and perks. You can also share the xp gained while playing a favorite class to progress other classes.Escalating Intensity: In each match you earn credits for shooting down enemies or supporting your team’s objectives. Use these match credits to upgrade base defenses, access vehicles, or call-in tactical strikes. The longer you play, the more chaotic the match becomes.Vehicles: Pilot the powerful Beowulf tank, the speedy two-person Grav Cycle or the versatile flying Shrike. Beautiful, Massive Battlefields: Wage war in a variety of open environments including frozen wastelands, sprawling cities, and jagged mountains.Don’t Fight Alone: Friend-list allows you to link up with others and establish supremacy online Free To Play... but not pay to win: All items affecting game play can be earned by playing the game itself. Players can purchase optional Tribes Gold to unlock classes more quickly and/or skills more quickly. Players will also be able to purchase cosmetic skins with Tribes Gold.Spectator Mode: Highly-detailed spectator mode allows you to zoom in on your favorite players, view player data, and switch between action hot spots on the fly. 						