
							About This Content
							Want 4 new Dungeon Defenders Hero Classes? Want a chance to play all 8 at a time in the new 8-player PvE Uber Monster Fest Challenge mission? Well get ready. This pack contains  gender-swapped versions of the main characters, equipped with all new abilities, stat ramps, and more:
						
						The Initiate
						A student of the mountain monasteries, the Initiate has joined her counterpart to discover the truth behind her master's demise. While her time in the mountains may have decreased her endurance, her increased spell-casting and movement speeds coupled with powerful radial abilities make her a strong ally. Her Enemy Drain ability allows her to debuff all nearby foes and her Remote Defense Boost ability buffs the defenses of any nearby allies. She will not give up until she discovers the truth behind her master’s disappearance and avenges him!
						The Countess
						A proud Etherian warrior of noble descent, the Countess can hold her own against any of the other great warriors of the realm. Though still favoring brute force melee combat, she can often run circles around her Squire comrades. Her Joust ability allows her to push through enemy lines with unstoppable force, while her Call to Arms ability allows her to rally allies to the cause, boosting their morale. Though she can be stubborn at times, she'll never back down from a fight!
						The Ranger
						Hailing from the wood elves’ traditional home near the great forest of Mistymire, the Ranger is a formidable warrior. Unlike his nimble female counterpart, his slower speed is coupled with a hardier constitution enabling him to take a great bruising. His Invisibility Field ability enables him to cloak nearby allies and defenses along with himself, while his Piercing Spreadshot ability can tear through lanes of enemies in a wide arc. This pointy-eared warrior is a powerful ally to have in your travelling party!
						The Adept
						An introverted trainee in the arcane arts, the Adept has focused her energy to hone several unique spells. Her Purifying Blast ability can unleash a magical explosion which will destroy skeletons in a single blast and greatly damage their necromancer masters, while her Instant Upgrade ability allows her to channel her mana into an instant upgrade for any Defense. Though she can be a little shy at first, her increased speed allows her to hurry across the battlefield to wherever her urgent attention is required!
						
						...as well as an all new 8-player PvE challenge mission: Uber Monster Fest!!!						