
							About This Game
							NO GOOD AND NO EVIL - ONLY CHOICES AND CONSEQUENCESBecome The Witcher, Geralt of Rivia, a legendary monster slayer caught in a web of intrigue woven by forces vying for control of the world. Make difficult decisions and live with the consequences in an game that will immerse you in an extraordinary tale like no other. Representing the pinnacle of storytelling in role-playing games, The Witcher shatters the line between good and evil in a world where moral ambiguity reigns. The Witcher emphasizes story and character development in a vibrant world while incorporating tactically-deep real-time combat like no game before it.ABOUT THE WITCHER: ENHANCED EDITIONThe RPG of the Year (PC Gamer, GameSpy, IGN) is back in a Premium Edition packed with powerful extras! The Witcher: Enhanced Edition takes all of the acclaimed gameplay that garnered the original game more than 90 awards, and perfects it with a number of gameplay and technical improvements.	Superior dialogue and cutscenes - The developers have re-recorded and rewritten more than 5000 lines of dialogue in English and redone the entire German edition to create more a more consistent experience, while adding more than 200 gesture animations to make characters behave more believably in dialogue and cutscenes. 	Enhanced inventory - The new inventory system makes item use and organization less complicated by introducing a separate sack for any alchemical ingredients, as well as a simple sort-and-stack function. 	Technical improvements - The enhancements made to the technical side of the game are too numerous to list, but a few of the highlights include greatly reduced loading times, greater stability, improved combat responsiveness, faster inventory loading, the option to turn autosave on or off, and more. 	Character differentiation system - To add more variety to NPC and monster appearances, we've added a new character differentiation system that randomizes the appearance and colors of dozens of in-game models. 	In your download you'll also get: Interactive Comic Book, D'jinni Adventure Editor, Two new adventures offering 5+ hours of gameplay, Official Soundtrack, Music Inspired by The Witcher album, Making-of videos, Official Game Guide, Two Maps of The Witcher's world Key features:	Geralt of Rivia: a one-of-a-kind protagonist			A charismatic and unique character, Geralt is a mutant swordmaster and professional monster slayer.		Choose from over 250 special abilities correlated to attributes, combat skills and magical powers to build the character in a way best suited to tactical needs and style of play.		Original fantasy world drawn from literature			Inspired by the writings of renowned Polish author Andrzej Sapkowski.		Featuring adult themes, less fairy-tale than typical fantasy, with mature social issues like racism, political intrigue and genocide.		It is a harsh world where nothing is black or white, right or wrong, often forcing players to choose between the lesser of two evils to advance.		Non-linear and captivating storyline			Full of turns, twists and ambiguous moral decisions which have real impact on the storyline.		All quests can be accomplished in several ways and the game has three different endings depending on the player's actions and choices throughout the adventure.		Stunning tactical action			Engage in complex yet intuitive real-time combat based on real medieval sword-fighting techniques.		Motion capture performed by medieval fighting experts at Frankfurt's renowned Metric Minds studio, resulting in 600 spectacular and authentic in-game combat animations. 		Six combat styles, dozens of potions, complex alchemy system, modifiable weapons and powerful magic add tactical depth to the fluid real-time experience.							