
							About This Game
							The #1 mobile game of all time blasts off into space!Play over 300 interstellar levels across 10 planets! Whether it’s the icy orbs of Cold Cuts, the volcanic explosiveness of Red Planet, Utopia – a planet made entirely of junk food, or the new Brass Hogs episode ruled by evil Hektor Porko, each episode offers intergalactic fun at every turn! And the low-gravity environment of space results in spectacular gameplay ranging from slow-motion puzzles to lightspeed destruction. With brand new birds, special abilities, and a whole galaxy to explore, the sky is no longer the limit!-----“Intergalactic phenomenon worth every penny” – AppCraver“Takes the fundamental physics-based flinging of the original and turns it on its head... It's satisfying, yet completely familiar, and is heaps of pig-smashing fun.” – Gamespot“Anyone burnt out on vanilla bird flinging will enjoy the game's out-of-this-world adventure.” -- IGN-----Join the global phenomenon as it goes galactic!Become a fan of Angry Birds on Facebook:http://facebook.angrybirds.comFollow us on Twitter:http://twitter.angrybirds.comTerms of Use: http://www.rovio.com/eulaPrivacy Policy: http://www.rovio.com/privacyThis application may require internet connectivity and subsequent data transfer charges may apply.Important Message for ParentsThis game may include:- Direct links to social networking websites that are intended for an audience over the age of 13.- Direct links to the internet that can take players away from the game with the potential to browse any web page.- Advertising of Rovio products and also products from select partners.- The option to make in-app purchases. The bill payer should always be consulted beforehand.What's New in version 2.1.0:Face off against the villainous Hektor Porko in an all new episode: Brass Hogs!- 30 new unlockable Brass Hogs levels!- Daily missions!- Enter the Mirror World! Three-Star levels to play their Mirror World counterpart. Multi-dimensional pig-popping!- The Wingman makes his debut in Space with a new special ability!PLEASE NOTE: Xbox controller is currently not supported.Key Features:Over 300 interstellar levels!New playable characters!Unique special abilities for each bird!Zero-gravity space adventures!Trick shots using planets’ gravity!Hidden bonus levels!Beautifully detailed backgrounds!Daily Missions!						