
							About This Game
							We don't know where Arua came from, nor how she came to be. We do know, however, that nothing existed before Arua. The Goddess of life, souls, and all existence created the universe as she saw fit… a calm and beautiful place where souls could dwell peacefully. The deep matters of the universe cradled the waves of life, on which all beings would sway soothingly. This perfect universe was called the Sea of Souls.Life would bring shine to the Sea of Souls, in the form of seven planets. Arua created these out of love, and dedicated each of them to the inhabitants that she breathed life into."The planets, as your lives, dear ones, are all yours. As am I. As are your souls."These are the words of Arua that ring in everyone's hearts when they are born."To you, I give the Gods, to watch over you. Praise them well, for no love can ever match the one you will receive from them."And thus, the Gods were created, to watch over all life that Arua had created among the seven planets. And Arua named the planets after each of the Gods and Goddesses that would look after them: Junon, Lunar, Eldeon, Orlo, Karkia, Skaaj, and Hebarn.Each planet's inhabitants lived in happiness, idolizing their respective God or Goddess, and reveling in the pleasures that living under their protection and rule brought.But all was not harmonious for long. The Dark God Hebarn disbanded from the other planets, and his plots to destroy Arua's universe began.Soon, the gossips about strange visitors started. The Visitors protect life, and make right from all that is wrong. They are divine beings; they seldom suffer from hunger or thirst, they do not need as much sleep as most other creatures, but they can hurt, they can love. And they can help.That is why Arua created them, after allKey Features:Customize Your Game PlayYou pick your stats and skills that best fit your type of game play with multiple skill tree options for each class that allows for an experience that is your own.Players Make their Own LegendThe quests in ROSE Online are affected by the activities of the user community. Who do you follow; Arua or Hebarn?Customize Your ToonYou are not confined to ugly armors or a single look, you can outfit your toon to be just about anything you want to look like while you pick fights with monsters or engage others in PvP. You can look like a large Jelly Bean while fighting a Mech Castle Gear during PvP it is all up to you.Party PlayGrouping with your friends doesn't just allow you to benefit like a traditional MMO, but you earn vastly more EXP and with player skills that help with the Party the enjoyment is vastly increased as well!						