
							About This Content
							It doesn't matter if you are new player or an AirMech veteran, this pack is a great value. A bundle of Kudos for any gameplay units you're missing, plus a ton of Diamonds for any extras or cosmetics you have had your eye on. Gives Silver VIP for a lifetime of benefits, starting with claiming all your locked Diamonds and no more locking ever again! Starter Pack Contents: 7,500 Diamonds  25,000 Kudos 20 Days Kudos Boost  20 Days XP Boost  Lifetime Silver VIP status  Market Chat access Sell items on the Player MarketBut you're a new player and all that might not mean much to you, so let's break it down:Silver VIP - Possibly the most valuable thing in the game, and it comes for "free" with any purchase. Similar to Team Fortress 2, once you have spent something ingame, this effectively makes your account "premium" and unlocks a whole bunch of benefits. You get unlimited Solo game rewards, you get to claim those Locked Diamonds, you get better drops, you get full market access, and more! We love being a free game, but that also means some players try to exploit things, so we restrict what non-VIPs/premium players can do. Even things like the Locked Diamonds are actually meant to help players enjoy the game without penalty, because before any VIP-restricted Diamonds were just lost. Now we save them for you, so if you decide to get VIP in the future you didn't miss anything. That's just a small example of how our VIP structure is meant to give players the freedom to try the game and move to premium at their choice, not because we're forcing them. Remember you can play unlimited Coop and PvP games as a free player! Diamonds - This is our in-game premium currency which can be used to purchase cosmetic items, or purchase things from others on the Player Market. New players should consider saving their Diamonds until they know what they really want to spend them on. Depending on what aspect of the game you enjoy, you might want to purchase Boosts, or you might want to try your hand at the Market. Keep an eye out for Diamond Rolls which are provided by other players as a way to share the wealth! 20 Days Kudos and XP Boost - The Kudos and XP Boosts are shamelessly lifted from what Dota 2 is doing because we think it's such a great idea. They are time based, so they kick in win or lose, and while you get 50%, every other player gets a 10% Boost. Yes, even the enemy players, and yes, it stacks. VIP Bonuses stack on top of the Boost Cubes too! If you are still on the fence about anything, come ask us questions in the Steam forums, either the devs or other players will give you the straight info you are looking for. As a small developer, we are super appreciative of anyone who decides to put money into our game, and know that we will work hard for a long time to continue to grow AirMech into something amazing. Thanks for your support!						