
							About This Content
							New adventures await your Sims on the sunny shores and beneath the glistening water of an island paradise! From exploring the tropical isles to creating a five-star resort experience, your Sims can decide to embark on an unforgettable journey or make themselves a new home in this new utopia. Nautical Sims can even take the helm of fully customizable houseboats and set sail between islands! If your Sims would rather be in the water than on it, they can snorkel and scuba dive their way through the ocean. Who knows, they might uncover sunken treasure or befriend a mermaid! With innovative features never before seen in The Sims PC franchise and a world of new possibilities on land and in sea, your Sims will reap the benefits of their own island paradise.KEY FEATURESSet sail for adventure. Be it by paddleboat or speedboat, your Sims can now leave port to discover new lands and explore like never before, from inter-island travel to discovering their own uncharted island. Landlubbers need not apply!Build and run a five-star resort. Create a family-friendly resort of waterslides and buffet tables, a romantic retreat dotted with minimalist cottages, or a singles resort featuring multiple pool bars where Sims can mingle and flirt. Choose and fine-tune your amenities, set your prices, and wait for the reviews—and Simoleons—to pour in. The higher your star rating, the more popular your resort will be!Life is a beach. See what surprises await under the sea as your Sims build their skills in snorkeling/scuba diving. Your Sims may find themselves on the shore of a new island or discover sunken or buried treasure.Boat sweet boat. Whether your Sims love the water or are just prone to wanderlust, a houseboat may be the perfect abode. Houseboats are fully customizable and can be moored at any open port, so if your Sims tire of the view, relocate to a new locale!New ways to build. New stilted foundations give your Sims the best of both worlds—a home that’s partially on the water and partially on land. Build a resort, create travelling houseboats, and customize your very own island paradise for your Sims!  						