
							About This Content
							Secrets, lies and double agents. Nothing and no one is who they seem as the Resistance and Security factions deal with the arrival of a mysterious ship from the outside world. In Agents of Change, the battle for the future of humanity spreads to two all-new districts of the Ark – the futuristic, underwater Labs facility and Founders’ Tower, the iconic spire housing the island’s wealthy elite. Unleash several new abilities on your enemies as your work your way towards the newly raised level cap of 24 and customize your character with brand-new outfits and additional weapon attachments.
							Key Features:
							
							New Maps –
							  
							Founders’ Tower – The revolution finally reaches the island’s iconic spire and takes the battle for the Ark to dizzying heights. 
							Labs – Venture into the depths of the Ark’s original research and development laboratories, a submerged high-tech facility so far untouched by the civil war. 
							  
							New Player Abilities –
							 
							UAV – This stealthy and lethal device allows Operatives to automatically mark nearby enemies on their radar. For more explosive fun, they can even take direct control of the UAV and detonate it near unsuspecting foes. 
							Napalm Grenade – Soldiers can use this new grenade to cover an area in a sea of deadly flames.  
							Pyro Mine – Engineers can plant these mines and leave enemies in the epicenter of a massive napalm explosion. 
							Field Regen Unit – Medics can deploy these units to increase the health regeneration of any nearby teammates. 
							Tactical Scanner – This universal ability allows players to reveal the active buffs of their opponents, allowing them to pick off enemies more strategically. 
							 
							New Weapon Attachments –
							 
							Bayonets – Gain the edge in melee combat and cause extra damage with these deadly blades.  
							Weapon Shields – Take cover from enemy fire and prevent headshot bonus damage behind riot-style shields. 
							  
							New Character Outfits –
							 
							The Sad Punk – Add a touch of Steampunk to your Resistance character.
							The Limey – Bring order to the Ark with this outfit inspired by traditional European police lawmen.
							  
													