
							About This Game
							Full Mojo Rampage is a rogue-like game that takes place within the confines of the Voodoo reality. In this realm only the most powerful rites and powers can provide a safeguard against evil. Dying is not the end, only the beginning to becoming a stronger voodoo soul!The game includes several multiplayer cooperative and competitive modes to play with friends.Key FeaturesRandomly-generated items and levels in beautiful 3D. Not two playthroughs will be the same.Improve your character by leveling up and unlocking voodoo pins that you can use and upgrade to receive special bonuses.Online Co-op: Up to 4 players can play together each campaign.Multiplayer VS modes: Play online with up to 8 players in fiersome battles. (Current modes available: deathmatch, team deathmatch, Capture the Flag, King of Mojo). Level up and customize your character to show your friends who is the best!Tons of items and unlockables: masks, pins, mojos and power-ups. Unique “class” system that revolves around choosing a voodoo god each with their own special powers and attributes.Music composed by Alistar Lindsay (Prison Architect).Several easter eggs from our favorite games!The QuestsWhen you start a new game you can select which quest you want to do. Each quest has a different story, goal and setting. The quest map and each individual level is randomly generated, so you can replay the game and be challenged each time.Quests include: campaign quests, daily quest, survival and survival unlimited.Customizing Your CharacterAfter choosing a quest you will be able to customize your character.In this screen you can choose a mask, a parent god and the voodoo pins you want to carry. In one of the last updates we added "Blessings" as an extra expensive buff for the current quest you want to play.Each god has a set of spells that define how you play the game. There are 8 voodoo Loa you can unlock.Voodoo Pins are very important. They provide unique bonuses that will help you in the game. At the beginning you wont have any pins unlocked, but by playing you will unlock them and with the gained gold you can upgrade them. The number of pins you can select at the same time will increase as you progress in the adventure.In this menu you can also level up your character once you have enough experience. Experience is gained by exploring, progressing through the levels and doing events.The Dungeon MapThe dungeon map is randomly generated. The icons represent cemeteries, swamps, bosses, events, vendors and shrines.There are many events that are quite fun and have some surprises, so make sure to visit all the "?" icons as those are special challenges for your current game.GameplayEach level is randomly generated with enemies and secrets.In future updates we plan to add some crafting or mixing options to customize your items.Levels have doors to vendors, god shrines and mixing rooms: the more you explore the more prepared you are for the dungeons!In this world death is around every corner, though do not fret! Dying is not an end, and rather only a means of becoming a stronger voodoo soul! Being a practitioner of voodoo has nourished your soul with immortality. As such, any gold and experience you earn will persist with your character through death itself. Use this gold and experience earned to buy new pins and the favor of Loa to progress through even harder challenges!						