
							About This Game
							Marvel Heroes 2016 is the Marvel MMO ARPG that you have been waiting for! Play as Iron Man, Star-Lord, Thor, Wolverine, Hulk, Spider-Man, Captain America and many more as they team up to try and stop Doctor Doom from devastating the world with the power of the Cosmic Cube. Marvel Heroes 2016 features a deep leveling system unique to each Super Hero, diverse locations set across the expansive Marvel Universe, a robust crafting system, action-packed player-versus-player (PvP) and much more. Marvel Heroes is a free-to-play Massively Multiplayer Action RPG for PC created by David Brevik, the visionary behind Diablo and Diablo 2 with an extensive original story crafted by Marvel super-scribe Brian Michael Bendis.About the Author: The story of Marvel Heroes 2016 is crafted by comic book super scribe Brian Michael Bendis (Ultimate Spider-Man, New Avengers, House of M, Secret Invasion, Avengers vs X-Men and many more).About the Story: The Cosmic Cube is a device of untold power capable of changing the very fabric of reality at the whim of its possessor. The brilliant but malevolent Dr. Doom has the Cube, and with it he aims to reshape the world in his own image. Determined to succeed where the Cube's previous wielders have failed, Doom has lined up villainous allies to prevent the super-heroes from interfering. Can you unravel Doctor Doom's sinister plan and stop him before it's too late?Marvel Heroes 2016 combines core gameplay elements of Diablo with the expansive library of characters from the Marvel Universe.Key FeaturesEngage in Action-RPG-style gameplay, but in an MMO world.Team up online with your friends, or play solo.Randomly generated environments are different every time you play.Collect and play as your favorite Marvel Super Heroes including Iron Man, Thor, Black Widow, Captain America, Star-Lord, Wolverine, Hulk, Storm, Dr. Strange, and many others.Choose from a list of fan favorites from the Avengers, X-Men, Guardians of the Galaxy, Fantastic Four, and every corner of the Marvel Universe.Build your character using a library of spectacular powers appropriate to your hero.Play through hours of story content, or try out many of our other numerous game modes such as X-Defense, Holo-Sim, and more!Marvel Heroes 2016 features the first ever raid in an Action-RPG, gather friends and take on Surtur!Customize your character with a library of costumes from Marvel’s rich history.Summon other heroes to fight along side you with Team-Ups, such as Falcon, Firestar, Drax, Gamora, and Groot. Discover an endless variety of gear to increase your hero's power.Explore the Marvel Universe in a story crafted by comic book super-scribe Brian Michael Bendis.Visit famous locations from the Marvel Universe, from Avengers Tower to Mutant Town to the Savage Land.Smash through hordes of iconic Marvel enemies, such as the dreaded Purifiers and the legions of HYDRA.Face off against dozens of super-villains.And It's All free-to-play With Marvel Heroes!						