
							About This Game
							The human race has finally mastered faster-than-light travel opening up the stars for exploration and colonization.  As the leader of the newly formed Terran Alliance, you will guide humanity's expansion into becoming a space-based civilization.  Soon, you will discover that we are not alone. Alien civilizations with their own histories and motivations are expanding as well.  Research new technology, design starships, negotiate trade and treaties, wage wars, colonize new worlds, construct starbases in the largest 4X strategy game ever made. And when you've finished that, play again as one of the many included alien civilizations each with its own history, technology tree, ship components and more.NEVER THE SAME GAME TWICEEach new game offers an array of options as you set it up - choose your map size, abundance of planets and resources, frequency of events, and more for a unique play experience every time. Galactic Civilizations III also removes linear victory conditions and offers you multiple objectives that you can choose to pursue in order to win, such as military conquest, cultural domination, technological ascension, or political alliances. The new multiplayer capabilities also allow you to expand your challenges and fights beyond an AI in order to face off against fellow players. All of this, topped with a rich and in-depth custom ship designer ensure an immersive and exciting experience as you decide how to rule your galaxy.CORE FEATURES: Never the same game twice: Play in the ultimate sandbox where each game has a unique map, worlds, and challenges to face -- all on a massive scale. Play against 16 to 100 opponents. Multiple paths to victory: Win through military conquest, cultural domination, technological ascension, or political alliance. Create your own history: Each sandbox game lets you create a new future history for your civilization. Story-based campaign: Learn the ancient histories of the alien civilizations and one possible future for the human race. Massive technology tree: Research a technology tree with immense breadth and depth. Each playable faction has their own unique specializations. Your choice determines how you play and win. Faction & Ship Customization: Create a civilization with its own look, ships, technologies, and even options for how the AI will use them. Multiplayer: Play online with friends with full support for custom civilizations, saved multiplayer games, and much more. A deep economy: Every world is unique with many different resources that can change the course of your strategy each game. Planetary Governors: Utilize individual planetary leaders to govern your worlds, deciding what improvements to build and when, which leaves you to focus on larger strategic goals. 						