
							About This Game
							Strap in, gun your engine and go full throttle into the most turbocharged, hi-octane combat racing game to hit Steam. From the developers behind the epic Midnight Club series, Carnage Racing combines seat-of-the-pants driving, tricks and stunts with explosive vehicle combat in a no-holds-barred race for the chequered flag.Take on the rest of the world with Carnage Racing’s exhilarating 8-way real-time multiplayer mode and show them who really rules the road. Carnage Racing is a high-stakes game with one aim - take out your opponents, earn cash and buy upgrades that’ll power you to global victory. Get ready for the race of your life.Key Features Unique Gameplay Carnage Racing is like no other racing game you’ve ever played, blending racing, strategy, combat and stunt driving into one unbeatable mix. Multiplayer Mayhem Show them who’s boss by taking on your friends, or players from around the world with 8 way real-time multiplayer.Amazing 3D GraphicsBlistering graphics create an amazing feeling of speed and immersion that places you right in the heart of the action so that you see and feel every bump, smash, barrel roll and explosion. Unique Race Tracks Prove your skills in 21 races set across 3 tropical island race tracks, each of which is packed with ramps, boosts, pick-ups, and hundreds of alternative routes. Fill up your Phase Shift Meter and open up endless gameplay possibilities by using the Island’s mysterious warp portals to give you that extra edge. Crusin’ Baby!Whether you’re a gun lover, speed freak or air lovin’ trickster, we’ve got a vehicle for you.  Dominate the track with 8 vehicles across 3 classes - from the gun-totin’, armour-plated “Destroyer” to the breakneck-fast “Speedster” and the nimble “Trickster” that can pull off ever more daring flips, spins and rolls.Total AnnihilationBlast your enemies off the track with an incredible array of upgradeable weapons - including flamethrower, time bombs, decoys missiles, road sludge and energy drain. Pimp your Ride Spend your well-earned cash to make your car go higher, faster and even warp further with a host of performance upgrades. Make your mark and beef up your ride’s looks with a hot new paint job, go faster stripes or even some flamin’ decals up the sides. Super Intuitive Controls Race how you like using keyboard or your favourite PC controller.						