
							About This Game
							Deadfall Adventures is an action-driven first-person shooter, spiced up with elements from action-adventure games. Become an adventurer, hunt for treasures, explore unknown regions of the world and rescue the damsel in distress from the clutches of enemies, both earthly and not-so-earthly. Join James Lee Quatermain on his journey across the globe!The StoryThe year is 1938. James Lee Quatermain is a man of many talents, yet holding on to money isn't one of them. James is an adventurer by trade, just like his legendary great-grandfather Allan Quatermain. And he knows how to squeeze money out of this famous name of his, while at the same time despising it. Despising those who believe his great-grandfather's tales of the supernatural and those who make fun of them alike.Accordingly, Quatermain isn't all too keen on escorting Jennifer Goodwin, an US agent and former colleague of his, to an Egyptian temple structure in order to retrieve an ancient artifact - The Heart of Atlantis. Neither does he believe in the reputed invigorating qualities of this artifact, nor does he care the least that a division of the Ahnenerbe, the Nazi department specialized in the occult, is after The Heart as well.But life has its ways of changing one's perspective. Quatermain soon finds himself part of a hunt across the globe - from the stormy deserts of Egypt to the icy depths of the Arctic, and all the way to the steaming jungles of Guatemala. In long forgotten temple structures the thrill of the chase awakens the true adventurer in Quatermain, as he and agent Goodwin strive to be one step ahead of the Nazis and the Russians, one step closer to obtaining the Heart of Atlantis. And deep in these temples, where age-old guardians awake from their eternal slumber, James soon learns that his great-grandfather's stories are not as crazy as he had always believed. For all things live forever, though at times they sleep and are forgotten...Key FeaturesAction -Adventure gameplay from a first-person perspectiveSet in the Quatermain-universe, created by H. R. HaggardFast-paced action and intense, accurate FPS gun battlesAdventurer equipment: compass, treasure maps, notebook and flashlight – necessary to solve ancient puzzles, find treasures and even to defeat certain types of enemiesPuzzles that encourage you to explore the game environment and interact with itEnvironmental traps that can be used to eliminate enemies in many spectacular waysExotic, picturesque locations from around the world – Egypt, Arctic and forgottenMayan ruins in the jungles of GuatemalaCompelling story faithful to the spirit of classic action-adventure movies1930’s setting, including detailed weapon designsUnique adventurer-style multiplayer features and modes						