
							About This Content
							New treasure is available to be found in this third DLC for Fallen Enchantress: Legendary Heroes.  Explore abandoned graveyards and you may find a Cursed Bell which can be rung at desperate moments in battle.  Treasure chests may contain a Staff of the Serpent or a piece of Blood God armor.  Design your custom sovereign with a Revenging Ring, Bunny Slippers and other new items.The Loot Pack adds all the following items to Fallen Enchantress: Legendary Heroes:Weapons: Skath Longbow- Enchanted with the power of a Skath, it enables the Deadly Bite ability. Stag Longbow- Enchanted with the speed of the stag, allowing the wielder to fire early and often. Gold Shortbow- A nobleman’s bow which grants additional experience to its wielder. Harridan Shortbow- This shortbow webs victims that are shot by it. Staff of the Serpent- This petrified form of a serpent shoots poison and can summon a Naja in battle. Staff of the Stag- A blessed staff with low attack but it can heal surrounding allies. Shadowbolt Staff- Magical staff that fires shadowbolts that damage and reduce the spell resistance of the target. Giant Lollipop- A massive lollipop with the Bash and Sugar Rush special abilities. Vorpal Blade- A longsword that crits with every attack. Possessed Axe- Cursed axe that strikes a random ally or enemy in range. Breathstealer- Dagger that silences anyone who is hit for 3 actions.Armor and Rings: Bunny Slippers- Though they don’t provide any defense, but they do grant +10 Dodge and +20 Dodge when defending.  Plus they are really comfy. Silver Helm- This plate helm makes the wearer Immune to Swarm. Lucky Dice- Accessory that grants +5 accuracy, dodge and spell resistance. Lady Umber's Boots- Armored boot that grants +25 Defense when defending. Lady Umber's Cuirass- Plate cuirass that makes the wearer 30% immune to physical damage. Lady Umber's Greaves- Armored greaves that make the wearer 20% immune to physical damage. Lady Umber's Vambraces- Bladed gauntlets that double the damage done with critical hits. Blood God Helmet- Negates all damage to the wearer from Blood God armor. Blood God Cuirass- Cursed breastplate that enables the Anguish ability that does 8 damage to all surrounding units (allies and enemies) and half that to the wearer. Blood God Greaves- Cursed greaves that do 2 damage to anyone striking the wearer and 1 damage to the wearer. Blood God Vambraces- Cursed vambraces that do 2 damage each time the wearer strikes an enemy and 1 damage to the wearer. Blood God Boots- Cursed boots that double all damage (to the wearer and enemies) done by Blood God armor. Revenging Ring- Each time the wearer is struck the ring gains a charge.  Release those charges to damage an opponent equal to the amount of stored charges. Bishop’s Ring- Each time the wearer is struck the ring gets a charge.  Release those charges to heal the user equal to the amount of stored charges.Consumables: Dragon Teeth- Throw these teeth onto the ground to summon 3 skeletons in battle. Cursed Bell- When rung all units (allies and enemies) must resist or lose their next action. Scroll of Battle Cry- Using the scroll allows all of your allies to take an additional action in battle. Quicksilver Potion- Potion that gives the imbiber 3 actions. Bottled Wind- Uncorking this potion knocks the wielder and all adjacent units prone. Scroll of Imprison- Use the scroll to trap a unit in battle for 5 actions, and they take damage on each action. Scroll of Silence- Use the scroll to keep a unit from being able to cast for 3 turns.						