
							About This Game
							Ok, cadet. This is it. All your training has brought you to this point - you are here for one reason only: to be the best.Strike Suit Infinity is a frantic high score chaser where your skill is the only thing that matters. Whatever combat experience you have had so far is considered irrelevant. There is no end to the enemies you will face. There is no winning. There is only the fight for survival.Take to the cockpit of one of three Strike Suits, engaging waves of enemies, building your multiplier and putting as many points on the board as possible. You’ll need to use your head, though. In between rounds, use credits to purchase upgrades and reinforcements, maximizing your potential in the next round. The longer you can stay alive, the bigger your score, and the higher up the leaderboard you’ll find yourself. Engage intelligent enemy fighters and take on colossal capital ships, exploiting weak points in their super-structure to blow them apart piece by piece. Upgrade your Strike Suit and customize your weapon load-outs to tailor combat to your tastes. Take advantage of three very different Strike Suits to experience dogfighting action as you’ve never seen it before.Key FeaturesFast, frantic space combat: freely engage multiple enemies, dogfight other pilots and fight massive fleet battles.The Strike Suit: strategically switch from Pursuit Mode (speed and power) to Strike Mode (a powerful, highly maneuverable combat mode). It’s all about your score – build your multiplier, take down waves of enemy as fast as you can, and race to the top of the leaderboard. Manage your strategy – use credits in between rounds to purchase upgrades and reinforcements for the next round.Capital Ship Destruction: take capital ships apart piece by piece – take out their turrets and target weak-points to blow out entire sections of their superstructure.Ship Designs from renowned Mechanical Design engineer Junji Okubo (Appleseed: Ex Machina, Steel Battalion).Music from award-winning sound designer Paul Ruskay (Homeworld) including a collaboration with Japanese singer/songwriter Kokia (Tales of Innocence, Gunslinger Girl: II Teatrino) and Subsource.Joystick compatible: as well as being fully optimized for mouse and keyboard, and gamepads, Strike Suit Infinity is compatible with a range of joysticks for full immersion.Vicious new enemy types *DOES NOT REQUIRE STRIKE SUIT ZERO TO PLAY*						