
							About This Game
							Shipwrecked. Captured. Betrayed. Forced to perform for an audience of cats? Yes, all that and more when you unlock BattleBlock Theater! There’s no turning back once you've started on your quest to free over 300 of your imprisoned friends from evil technological cats. Immerse yourself in this mind bending tale of treachery as you use your arsenal of weapon-tools to battle your way through hundreds of levels in order to discover the puzzling truth behind BattleBlock Theater.If solo acts aren't your style, go online or bring a buddy couch-side to play a thoroughly co-optimized quest or enter the arenas. The game also includes a level editor so you can craft your own mind bending trials!Key FeaturesCO-OPTIONAL GAMEPLAY - Work together... or not. Online Play!  Couch Hi-Fives! Best Game Ever! Up to two players in Story, and four in Arena. ARENAS: Whether you're king crowning or whale chasing, BattleBlock Theater performers have 8 arena modes to teach their enemies the real meaning of stage fright! INSANE MODE: One life to live doesn’t just happen on screen, it can happen on stage as well. Test your skills in the ultimate campaign challenge.UNIQUE ANIMATIONS: New art created for the Steam version of BattleBlock Theater! Cat guard makes its way to center stage. OVER 450 LEVELS! - Single player, multiplayer, arena, we have more levels than Hatty can count on his finger hands.300 PRISONERS TO FREE! - Having been captured by the native feline population, it’s up to YOU to liberate them!  Earn gems to free your friends by participating in deadly, gladiatorial plays.  THEATRICAL WEAPONRY AND COMBAT! - Jump, push, pull and punch your way to victory! If that doesn’t work you can explode, freeze, poison, or digest a baby! Plus, you’ll be able to bring up two weapons at a time in a game and swap quickly.CREATE AND SHARE LEVELS - Create works of art in our Level Editor and then share them with all your friends (or strangers). Over 20 interactive block types galore!						