
							About This Content
							DCS: Black Shark 2 is a simulation of the Russian Ka-50 "Black Shark" attack helicopter.  The "Black Shark" is a unique and deadly single-seat, Russian attack helicopter that has seen combat in the Northern Caucasus. It combines a high performance dual rotor system with a deadly weapons payload of guided missiles, rockets, bombs, and a 30mm cannon. The Ka-50 is also unique in that it has an ejection seat. Virtually every switch, button and dial functions in the cockpit and the advanced flight model provides an amazingly real sense of flight.Key Features:Highly-detailed six degrees of freedom cockpit with mouse-clickable controls.Unrivalled flight physics system.Realistic damage model and system failure cascade affect.Detailed modeling and control of engine, fuel, hydraulics, electrical, navigation, radio, fire suppression, sensor, and weapon systems (casual game play modes also available).Advanced weapon physics for missiles, rockets and cannon rounds including ricochets.About the Ka-50 Black SharkKa-50 attack helicopter designThe Ka-50 helicopter is a high performance combat helicopter designed for daytime, good weather combat.Extensive all-round armor installed in the cockpit protects the pilot against 12.7mm armor-piercing rounds and 23mm projectile fragments. The rotor blades are rated to withstand several hits of ground-based automatic weapons.The Ka-50 is the world's first operational helicopter with a rescue ejection system, which allows the pilot to escape at all altitudes and speeds. The K-37-800 rocket-assisted ejection system is manufactured by the Zvezda Research and Production Enterprise Joint Stock Company in the Moscow region.WeaponsA combination of various armaments to a maximum weapon load of two tons can be selected according to the mission, including anti-tank missiles, unguided aerial rockets of different calibers, air-to-air missiles, guns, bombs and other weapons.The helicopter has small mid-mounted wings, fitted with four underwing suspension units and wingtip countermeasures pods. Up to 12 Vikhr supersonic anti-tank missiles can be mounted on the helicopter's two underwing external stores. The laserbeam-riding Vikhr missile is stated as having a target hit probability close to one, against a tank at a range of up to 8km, and the capability of penetrating all types of armor, including active armor up to 900mm thick.The Ka-50 is armed with a 2A42 quick-firing 30mm gun, which has an unrestricted azimuth and elevation range mounting for use against airborne or ground targets. The gun is equipped with 460 rounds of ammunition: two types being carried, high-fragmentation and explosive incendiary rounds and armor-piercing rounds. The pilot selects the type of ammunition in flight. The weight of the ammunition is 0.39kg each round, the muzzle velocity is 980m/s and the range is up to 4km. The gun provides an angular firing accuracy of two to 4mrad.AvionicsFlight systems include inertial navigation system (INS), autopilot and head-up display (HUD). Sensors include forward-looking optical system called the Shkval.CountermeasuresThe Ka-50 is fitted with flare dispensers.EnginesThe Ka-50 is powered by two TV3-117VMA turboshafts engines, each providing 2,200hp (1,660kW). The engines are placed on either side of the fuselage to enhance the combat survivability. The helicopter also has an auxiliary power unit (APU) for self-contained operation.About DCS WorldDigital Combat Simulator World (DCS World) is a free-to-play digital battlefield game, focusing on a military aircraft simulation. It includes a FREE Su-25T attack aircraft and it is extensible through additional DCS DLC that can be purchased here on Steam.DCS World includes a vast mission area of the Caucasus region that encompasses much of Georgia - the location of the 2008 conflict. Additionally, DCS World includes:Powerful mission and campaign editorsMultiplayerMassive inventory of air, land and sea combat units and weaponsAdvanced AIFast mission generatorDynamic weather and seasonsTraining missionsMission replay systemPilot log bookThis all allows the creation of engaging, real-world combat missions in this flashpoint region. DCS is a true "sandbox" simulation that can and will cover multiple time periods covering many types of combat and civilian units. DCS World allows both realistic game play and more relaxed game play to suit the player.DCS World includes a FREE Su-25T "Frogfoot" attack aircraft!Current DCS DLC available here on Steam includes:DCS: A-10C WarthogDCS: Black Shark 2DCS: P-51D MustangDCS: Combined ArmsSu-25: DCS Flaming Cliffs						