
							About This Software
							Mastering typing has never been easier than with the all-new edition of Mavis Beacon Teaches Typing Powered by UltraKey! The award-winning software program provides the most efficient way to learn and master typing fundamentals. Designed by educators, Mavis Beacon Teaches Typing Powered by UltraKey uses a success-based approach to typing instruction. This powerful and motivating way to learn provides a clear path to learning a new skill by setting personal goals and progressing along guided roadmaps. Just follow these seven easy steps to achieve your typing success! Step 1: Set Your Personal Goal Success-based learning begins with setting a personal challenge level for speed and accuracy that you seek as you complete lessons. Step 2: Learn Good Posture Habits A virtual reality model demonstrates correct body and hand position.   Step 3: Typing Technique Video and interactive graphics teach you typing technique, finger names and home row position.   Step 4: Learn New Keys One Stage at a Time Systematically develop new keystrokes, blending them into pairs, chains, words and sentences.   Step 5: Build Your Skill by Using It For each lesson you complete, a corresponding skill check uses real-word typing challenges to ensure your progress.   Step 6: Practice Excellent Typing at all Times Timed typing tests give standardized performance results that you can put on your resume! Step 7: Celebrate Your Success! After just 8 hours of using this software, you can master typing basics and more! Features: Success-based approach: structured learning determined by user’s own plan and timetableThree types of instruction: Voice, videos and animated graphics Users set a personal pace and choose their own path of learning12 interface themes and numerous options adapt to age, personal needs and learning styleMore than 100 skill checks and typing tests18 exciting videos introduce typing activities and demonstrate proper stretch break techniquesSpecific tips for improvement based on unique typing pattern assessmentsShort, bite-sized, 20 minute sessions containing sequence lessons and skill development activitiesStunning 3D graphics to demonstrate correct posture and typing techniquesMore Information Resource: Provides important information on correct body posture, tips for avoiding repetitive strain injuries (RSIs), typing actions, enrichment ideas, additional in-depth concepts and moreUser-friendly system for everyone ages 8 to 88Engineered for all current Windows and Macintosh computers; operates identically on both systems with cross-platform progress records.NOTE:  this title is English only.  Specific localized versions (grammar and keyboards) will be delivered to customers in the UK, Australia and New Zealand.  All other regions will get North American English.						