
							About This Game
							Divekick is the world’s first two-button fighting game. It distills the essence of the fighting game genre into just two buttons with no d-pad directional movement. Divekick’s focused gameplay demonstrates how much depth a single move actually has, and introduces (or reinforces) skills fundamental to the genre: mind games, spacing, timing, and quick reactions.At Iron Galaxy we love fighting games. To the average fan, most of what makes them fun is hidden behind a never-ending series of input combinations that they have to memorize. That’s why Divekick has just two buttons: Dive (into the air) makes your character jump straight up. Kick causes your character to fly foot first at a downward angle. If you press Kick on the ground, you can jump away from your opponent. Utilizing these moves, the first hit will win the round, and the player that wins five rounds first wins the game. It’s pure adrenaline, awareness, and outsmarting your enemy. It’s a fighting game deconstructed into its purest form. Key Features14+ Completely unique and original characters, each with their own fighting style and special techniques.  Includes two extra playable characters: Fencer from Nidhogg and Johnny Gat from Saints Row!A story for every character in the game, including an intro, ending, and rival battles. You will be moved to tears! Ranked and non-ranked GGPO-powered online multiplayer, the most trusted netcode in fighting games.  Includes ranking boards for each character, as well as overall.Single player plus Local VS multiplayer for two players, with quick and easy button reconfiguration to accommodate a room full of unique personalities. Full Steamworks integration, including Big Picture Mode.Coverage"How a two-button fighter became the toast of PAX East" Penny Arcade"Divekick is living the dream of diving and kicking. Yes, it is real." Kill Screen"Divekick: The best (and only) two-button fighter." Shack News"Divekick is the Smartest, Most Absurd Two-Button Fighting Game I've Ever Played" Kotaku "Divekick and Sportsfriends turns friends and strangers into rivals." Venture BeatIndieCade 2013Divekick has been selected for the IndieCade 2013 Festival which takes place from 10/3 - 10/6 in Los Angeles!						