
							About This Content
							This is a tale of revival, resurrection and revenge; the chronicle of how the greatest adversary of King Arthur came into power – and the terrible price he had to pay.
						Our journey begins in Eboracum, in one of the greatest cities built in the Roman provinces of Britannia. But that was a long time ago, and Eboracum slowly turned into a magnificent graveyard of marble palaces, populated by the living, breathing ghosts of a fallen empire. Until a young monarch in the south, a Briton called Arthur pulled the enchanted sword out of the stone and changed everything.
						And now, after the catastrophe has struck in the south and the Once and Future King lies wounded, the time is right to make the former provinces great again. The fate of the Romans lies in the hands of a noble man called Septimus Sulla. Betrayed and full of anger, he embarks on his quest to restore the glory of Eboracum. Nothing will deter him: he will wage war against both the savages of the north and his fellow nobles; he will unearth the secrets of Hadrian’s Wall and he will even venture into the mists of the underworld to find to the fabled ghost legions of Rome.
						Key features:
						
						Join Septimus Sulla on his road to glory and darkness… and witness the rise of the most frightening emperor who has ever walked the land of Britannia.
						Intense boss fight, where the hero’s forces are pitted against a unique and terrifying foe.
						Lose yourself in a stunning story that unfolds over a huge 3D campaign map featuring knightly quests and other special events
						Wide range of camera control options, a revised animations and an extensive tutorial creating a more accessible and visually stunning experience
						Experience huge real-time battles featuring thousands of soldiers and flying fantasy monsters 
						Battle enemies which employ unique war tactics and cast fantastic spells
						Your choices will unlock special content, spells and units with plenty of new and unique possibilities with every choice
						Lead major heroes who possess extraordinary powers 
												