
							About This Game
							A journey begins... A treacherous tower... Unravel its mysteries!Discover the secrets kept in the long abandoned Tesla Tower!Magnetism and other electromagnetic powers will help you explore a non-linear world of beautiful hand-drawn environments, in a steampunk-inspired vision of old Europe. A young boy suddenly finds himself embroiled in a long-forgotten conspiracy, involving a despotic king who rules the nation with an iron fist. Jump into an outstanding adventure told through voiceless storytelling, writing your own part. Armed with ancient Teslamancer technology and your own ingenuity and creativity, your path lies through the decrepit Tesla Tower and beyond.FeaturesComplex puzzles! Put your sense of logic to the test and cleverly manipulate the world around you using electricity and magnetism, the lifeblood of the game. Puzzles will range from “pff, that wasn't so bad” to keyboard-smashing, controller-chewing frustration. Explore! Make your way through rich 2D hand-drawn surroundings as you journey into — and beyond— Tesla Tower, picking up use amazing new items as you go. Visual storytelling! Tired of all those words in your video games? Have no fear, Teslagrad features not a single snippet of text or squeak of dialogue. Everything is purely visual, and the entire story is told through what you see (and sometimes what you don't see). Steampunk powered! Discover a dystopic and mind-blowing rainy-and-brainy setting, presenting a steampunk vision of an old Europe-inspired new world. Old-school boss fights! Use your skills and wits to overcome the 5 incredible final bosses eager to demagnetize you. No disruptions! That means no loading screens, no GUI, no cutscenes. Just the game and you. Mesmerizing soundtrack! Awesome mix of classical orchestra, with a touch of Russian inspiration and a myriad of metal bits and electrical stuff.Teslagrad is available for Windows, Mac OSX and Linux."It's beautiful minimalist storytelling, and it fits really well with the gameplay proper, which is delightful in more ways than one." Jared Rosen, Indiestatik.						