
							About This Game
							Life Goes On: Done to Death is a comically-morbid platformer where you guide heroic knights to their demise and use the dead bodies to solve puzzles. Wanting to live forever, a mighty king sends his army of knights to find the Cup of Life. On this quest, you will summon knight after knight to be brutally sacrificed. Impale knights on spikes to create a safe path. Catch a knight on a sawblade to land the body on a button. Freeze knights into blocks of ice to reach higher ground.You’ll also electrocute knights to open doors, blast knights out of cannons, and even zombify a knight to be your violent, dim-witted friend. As you journey through treacherous and trap-ridden worlds, you’ll show no mercy to solve each challenging puzzle.In this game, death is not a setback. It is your only means to progress.Key FeaturesYou must die to solve puzzles.We hope you’re okay with killing knights, since this is a pretty twisted way to solve puzzles! Dying is your only way to progress. As you sacrifice knights, you'll figure out how to use the dead bodies with the mechanisms in the game to solve each challenging puzzle.Morbid, yet comical gameplay.You’ll kill so many knights, you might even feel remorse! But flinging a bumbling knight into a saw blade or turning one into your violent, puzzle-solving friend is comical. Trust us.Vibrant, trap-ridden worlds.Journey through 65+ levels within four vibrant, colourful worlds full of lava, ice, spike pits, portals, zombies, cannons, and much more. And there are extra-difficult challenge levels for hardcore puzzle-addicts.Unlockable hats and weapons. (Silly ones, of course!)Can you find the Cup of Life wearing a horse head? On top of solving puzzles, you'll be able to unlock amusing hats and weapons. Your knights will spawn wearing silly hats, like beanies and berets, and wielding even sillier weapons, like dead fish and spatulas.Find Jeff!Who is Jeff? Well, he's furry, cute, and lurking in every level. Will you be his friend?Challenges!There are awards for solving levels with the least number of knights and completing them in record time!Life Goes On: Done to Death also includes a kick-ass boss fight, a map-integrated storyline, an armoury to check out all your hat and weapons, and other features that will make you laugh at death.						