
							About This Game
							Story: McDROID returns home to Planet M and finds this message from SOMANTO corp...Welcome back to your home planet. In your farming and survival pack you get:  One (1) Modular Combine Droid (McDROID) A story campaign where each level uncovers a new game mechanic and research blueprint, and where you heal a planet. Each level has 3 difficulty, CHALLENGE continues where you left off in NORMAL with all the turrets that survived. Enemies drop corpses which debuff and damage your turrets. Gotta clean up behind yourself! (for extra loot) Trees to heal the planet (and buff your weapons and crops production) A variety of researchable giant talking weapons that you can carry and shoot around like a 3rd person shooter.  A multi weapon rail to turn into a very powerful machine of peace. One unicorn skin and one skull skin (find them scattered about) Deployable base mount Tesla turrets that you can chain together a-la CnC Red Alert Economy based on McDiamonds and giant strawberries because it's the future. Factories that builds robots (that buid miniatures of factories?) Mutators that will turn your crop into Bomb Trees (not good for harvest). Cute cartoony Borderland gfx  Hand Crafted levels that change with how many trees your plant.  Drop in/Drop out Co-Op: because that Mutatosaurus is just too much for you. Cloud save. Persistent base and other technologies from the 21st century. Hard as nail Survival Levels with persistence: your towers and economy stay with you from death to death, but also bomb trees, unfortunately. Persistent Research. Do you focus on improving your lasers first or branch out into bliss engine as you climb through the research trees? Drop in/Drop out Co-Op: if you're overwhelmed in single campaign, have some robot-buddies join you. Persistent base building: Complete a level on Normal and you can play on in Challenge and Nightmare modes. Your base and economy will carry over but will have to withstand much deadlier attacks! Not 40s, not 50s, not 80s but 60 rock! Achievements awarded for tasks ranging from silly to tricky. Supports Xbox 360 controller						