
							About This Game
							Stonehearth is a game about exploration and survival in an epic fantasy setting. Your job is to help a small group of settlers survive and carve out a place for themselves in a hostile land. You’ll need to establish a food supply, build shelter, defend your people, and find a way to grow and expand, facing challenges at every step. Starting from procedurally generated terrain with dynamic AI encounters, Stonehearth combines city sim and good old combat with infinite building possibilities. It’s designed to be moddable at every level, from your city to the people and creatures inhabiting the world, and will ship with the tools and documentation for you to add your own customizations to the game, and share them with friends.Build and Grow Your CityThe heart of the game is city building and management. When you're just starting out, you'll need to juggle tasks like obtaining a sustainable food supply, building shelter, and defending your fledgling settlement from raiders and other threats. Once you've achieved a foothold in the world, it's up to you to write the destiny for your people. You have the flexibility to choose your own path in this game. Do you want to build a great conquering empire? A vibrant trade city? A spiritual monastery? We really want you to feel like this is your settlement, and give you the tools that make it look and operate exactly as you wish.Level Up Your SettlersAll the settlers in your towns have jobs. A job is like a class in a role playing game. Each job has a specific role like hauling materials, building, crafting, and fighting. As your hearthlings work at a job they will gain experience and levels. Some jobs, when they meet certain prerequisites, can upgrade to entirely new jobs with new capabilities.Usually, to assign someone a new job you'll also need to craft a tool for them. The Mason can craft blocks, statues, and tools from stone, but to do it he'll need a mallet and chisel crafted by the carpenter. Our goal is to have a job tree that's both very wide and very deep, so there will be plenty of different kinds of things to do in the game, but also a lot of depth to explore if you want to concentrate on any one area.Epic Boss Fights!As your town becomes more wealthy and prosperous, you risk attracting the attention of one of the world's Titans, epic boss monsters looking to protect their turf, or just to plunder your riches. Each boss will have a unique lore and set of abilities used to lay waste to your city. (The Titans are hanging back during Early Access... but they're coming.)Player Driven Legacy Through ModdingWe LOVE mods and want to make it as easy as possible to author and share mods. Want to see a new kind of sword in the game? You can model it, define its stats, and then craft it in game. You can also share the design with other players so they can enjoy it too, or bring their authored content into your game. As a modder you’ll be able to do basically anything that we as developers can do: introduce new items and monsters, write new scripted adventures, influence the AI, you name it. It goes back to that original pen and paper RPG experience, where “the game” is a collaboration between the core ruleset and the stories crafted by the gamemaster.						