
							About This Software
							Curvy 3D 3.0 is an innovative sculpting program for Windows, ideal for first time 3D artists.Drawing is Fast: Curvy brings new speed to 3D modelling by letting you draw shapes straight into 3D. Create whole models with just a few strokes. Sculpting 3D graphics for art and games is quick and hassle free.Painting is Easy: Colours and shapes are easy to work with using Curvy's artist friendly tools. You can sketch and paint colours, forms and bumps directly onto your 3D models, and then export models and textures for use in other 3D programs.About Aartform Curvy 3D: Aartform Curvy 3D is an innovative sculpting package for Windows, ideal for first time 3D artists. Curvy brings new speed to 3D modelling by letting you draw shapes straight into 3D. Create whole models with just a few strokes. Sculpting 3D models for art and games is quick and hassle free. Colours and shapes are easy to work with using Curvy's artist friendly tools. You can sketch and paint colours, forms and bumps directly onto your 3D models, and then export models and textures for use in other 3D software. FEATURES Sketch based modelling • Draw an outline to create a fully rounded 3D model immediately, then draw more outlines to refine the shape. Curvy 3D Volumetric Join Parts Smoothly • Separate shapes can be merged together to create a continuous skin. • "Boolean And" and Subtract operators can also be applied to cut into a model. Sculpting by Painting • Warp brushes add details to the model surface creating bumps and grooves as you paint. • Includes Inflate, Deflate, Pinch, Smooth and Flatten brushes. Easy Curve Modelling Tools Easy Curve and Mesh editing • Soft move tools let you shape curves and meshes by dragging them with your mouse while the model updates in realtime. Image Based Sculpting • New Image Inflate tool takes a silhouette or greyscale image and produces a 3D model using Heightmap, Bubble, Bevel and Extrude styles. Most of the pieces of armour in this screenshot were created from Inflated Images. Realtime Displacement Maps Adaptive Subdivision Sculpting • Meshes divide as you sculpt putting the detail exactly where you need it and keeping the overall triangle count down. You can even reverse the process where needed with a new mesh simplification tool. Painting in 3D • Paint on colour, specular, and bumpmaps in either the 3D views or on the 2D textures. • Use a variety of brush shapes, a dropper tool and a smooth brush to work on texture maps. • Curvy 3D objects are created with ready made UV maps so you can just select a brush and start painting. Export to OBJ Simple export to OBJ for easy importing into most other 3D applications.						