
							About This Game
							Greetings Officer-Cadet o249,Are you ready to be put to the test? If deemed worthy, you will be assigned as an officer in the shadowy halls of Facility 7C. You will remotely lead a squad of operatives on daring espionage missions to plant evidence, steal secrets, assassinate targets, and perform sabotage for the glory of the Dark Father. Do you have enough faith to follow orders unquestioningly?Yours truly in darkness, Signal Ops is a played in a first-person perspective, but when you're playing a mission you actually simultaneously control multiple agents, each with their own first-person view. You'll need to take advantage of the multiple views to keep an eye on key areas, formulate strategies to complete your goals, and solve puzzles that require you to be in more than one place at a time. With the shoddy equipment and dubiously trained agents provided to you, you’ll need all the advantages you can muster.Signal Ops blends elements of a tactical shooter, stealth, strategy, and puzzle solving. Your squad can be customized each mission by selecting from six agents with unique abilities and equipment. Some agents are geared towards sneaky play, and others are more combat oriented. You'll usually find yourself using a mix of both stealth and combat, and this can also vary depending on the mission.A lot of elements in Signal Ops have a hardcore, old-school appeal to them. For example: you will often need to use your map to plan your moves in open levels, and health does not magically regenerate. Don't worry though, agents are a dime a dozen. As long as you still have an agent alive, you can call in reinforcements to replace those unlucky ones that had too much lead for breakfast.The radio is where the signal in Signal Ops comes from. Since you are sitting comfortably back at base commanding your agents in the field, you'll need to position radio equipment in order to keep in contact with them.BOLT: Your electronics expert who acts as the center of your field operations.WRENCH: A mechanical specialist for sneaky entrances.SPY: A master of disguise who's art of conversation can turn the tides.SCOPE: A skilled marksman and infiltrator.SHIELD: The combat specialist who's got your back.DEMO: An explosives expert for those hard to explode places.						