
							About This Content
							One of the most powerful passenger steam locomotives ever to be built for the British railway network – the Coronation Class ‘Duchess of Sutherland’ – comes to Train Simulator in its fantastically preserved BR Brunswick Green livery.The Stanier-designed ‘Big Lizzies’ (as they were often nicknamed by their Enginemen) were an enlarged version of the London, Midland and Scottish Railway’s Princess Royal Class. Several examples were original built as streamlined, but this was later removed.They were, quite simply, a beast of British steam traction – the Class was estimated to produce 3,300 horsepower and weighed 105 tons with a coal fuel capacity of nine tons and carrying 4,000 gallons of water. Their prestigious standing saw many of the Class head express steam passenger services across the LMS network from the mid-1930s through to their withdrawal in the mid-1960s.‘Duchess of Sutherland’ was outshopped in July 1938 as part of the third batch of her Class. During her 25 years of service, she ran 1.6m miles – the second highest mileage by any member of her Class. The locomotive was withdrawn from mainline service in 1964 but never saw a scrapyard, instead being purchased by a Butlins holiday camp in Scotland and then by a Steam Museum. Since 1996, she has been owned by the Duchess Trust and is in regular use on rail tours across the country.The Duchess of Sutherland for Train Simulator is available in BR Brunswick Green livery and is a former Iron Horse House model, which has been updated to Train Simulator standard, including new scenarios and improved exterior modelling. Features of the locomotive include AWS for mainline running, steam chest pressure gauge, live steam injector steam valve, headlights, cylinder cocks, opening firebox doors, and fireman’s and driver’s light. Also included are BR Mk1 coaches in maroon livery.The locomotive is also Quick Drive compatible, giving you the freedom to drive the Duchess of Sutherland on any Quick Drive enabled route for Train Simulator, such as those available through Steam. Also included are scenarios specifically for the Settle-Carlisle route (available separately and required to play these scenarios).ScenariosFour scenarios for the Settle-Carlisle route:	Training: Duchess Simple Controls	Training: Duchess Expert Controls	Evening Commute to Carlisle	Uphill BattleMore scenarios are available on Steam Workshop online and in-game. Train Simulator’s Steam Workshop scenarios are free and easy to download, adding many more hours of exciting gameplay. With scenarios being added daily, why don’t you check it out now!Click here for Steam Workshop scenarios.Key Features	LMS Coronation Class ‘Duchess of Sutherland’ in BR Brunswick Green livery	Steam chest pressure gauge	Live steam injector steam valve	Headlights	Cylinder cocks	Opening firebox doors	Fireman’s and driver’s light	BR Mk1 coaches in maroon livery	Quick Drive compatible	Scenarios for the Settle-Carlisle route	Download size: 291mb						