
							About This Game
							In East India Company, players will enjoy building the World's most powerful trading empire & engaging in vigorous battles in both single player & multiplayer modes, all within a breathtaking cinematic game environment.					Players will fight, manage, and rule nations from Europe to the Far East with eight nationalities to chose from: British, Dutch, French, Danish, Portuguese, Swedish, Spanish, and the Holy Roman Empire.  Starting modestly, you will build your fleet, establish connections to far away countries, and keep the rivaling nations at bay.  Choose from a wide array of ship classes, including a variety of transport and military vessels.  Create diverse fleets and assign each of them specific trading routes.  Control and upgrade well situated ports as you form your strategy for domination.					Conflicts and wars are inevitable.  When hostile fleets engage each other, the spectacular naval battles are fought from a real-time tactical level.  Devastating broadsides are fired with a deafening roar and cannon balls tear through enemy ships and their crew.  For greater tactical depth, command your ship and give independent orders to each of your fleets.  Fight against the other European powers to create a trading empire that will rule above all others in this groundbreaking strategy war game!					Features:					Spectacular cinematic & epic naval battles					2 Command Modes: Give orders to all your ships in RTS or take the helm of a single ship in Direct Command-mode.					Unique combination of war & trading					State of the art diplomacy AI					8 playable nations:  England, France, Holland, Portugal, Denmark, Sweden, Spain & the Holy Roman Empire 					Over 10 realistic ship types; from small sloops and cutters to East Indiaman and warships					Realistic yet fast-paced naval combat					Hire fleet commanders who will gain new skills & increase the abilities of your fleets					Take over ports & protect your shipping routes to create largest trading empire					Multiplayer (Internet or LAN):					Up to 8 simultaneous players					Player statistics tracked on the EIC game server					Several game modes with single & team approach					Raise your ranking by thwarting your opponents					Head-to-Head missions are a true test of strategic skill					FIGHT!					Use Military might to build your trading empire					Command ships & fleets independently					Wage war on the vast open sea					Sink your rivals' ship or board them to take control					MANAGE!					Hire fleet commanders to boost your fleet's abilities					User commander skills to give you an edge in battles					Upgrade your ports with new buildings					Buy & Sell goods					Establish profitable trading routes					Open diplomatic relations or declare War					Negotiate tense political situation					RULE!					Lead the most powerful company in history					Take over colonies & expand your empire					Use well modeled diplomacy to exert your power					Conquer strategic ports					Accomplish missions ordered by your company or the Crown											