
							About This Game
							Please note: Void Destroyer is a mix of two genres - both of which tend to have a higher than normal learning curve, many controls, features and challenges. If considering a purchase, please be ready for a learning curve and challenging game play. Thank you for visiting, and I hope you enjoy the game.Combining the best of space combat and real time strategy. Victory can be tactical, a dogfight or capital ship slugging match - depending on how you decide to achieve it.A desolate asteroid field on the edge of the solar system erupts in war. Your forces rely on you to take the battle to the enemy. Build up defenses and fleets, repair and upgrade your command ship, lead your forces to reclaim and conquer territory.Game play:The seat of a fighter, the bridge of a cruiser and a tactical battle map are your tools of war. Void Destroyer puts you in command and gives you ultimate freedom over the    your forces and the art of war.If you ever wanted to directly control your forces in a real time strategy game or be able to build ships and command to your wing-men and fleets in a space combat simulator like you can in a RTS - this is the game for you. Void Destroyer combines elements from space combat simulators and real time strategy games. No longer are you limited on how to control and command. Battles are waged on your terms, you are given the tools. How you use them is up to you.Jump into a fighter to engage in dogfights, then switch into a frigate to take out an enemy corvette. Build defensive platforms to augment the security of your base. Issue commands to your attack ships to distract enemy defenders to allow your marine frigates to board an enemy's base. Defend and oversee asteroid mining craft to have the resources necessary to support your fleets.By combining elements of two genres, enemies can be more brutal, fights can be larger and you can overcome greater challenges.Think there's not enough time? Use time dilation (slow down time) to make time for tactics.Features: A mixture of space combat and real time strategy games - two games in one, how you play is up to you Tons of features, control options, challenges and a learning curve A story line, opportunities, plot twists, boss fights, and many surprises Pilot ships - from small drones to heavy cruisers Instant ship switching - all ships are pilot-able Multitude of weapon systems in the hands of both friends and foes Tactical Mode - easily issue orders and manage your forces Build platforms Build ships Research new technology Upgrade your command ship Combine the use of command ship abilities for devastating tactics, use a tractor beam to pull an enemy closer then annihilate it with a upgraded main gun Asteroid mining Flight engine combines six degree of freedom with Newtonian physics, balanced to allow for dogfights Pilot via joystick or mouse (mouse flight - includes two different modes) Multiple controllers (HOTAS and other) are supported Command view - camera and mouse controls optimized for controlling turrets and piloting larger ships If the role of a pilot isn't your thing - you can let the ship's crew do their job Capture enemy bases and ships Mod support - "mod nearly everything" philosophy Instant Action scenarios - unlocked via playing the main game/story mode Arena (dogfight) and Skirmish (RTS maps) modes Battle Editor - create your own maps, unlimited game play on your own terms Unlock system - as you research new ships and defeat enemy ships, they become available for use in the battle editor Formations - pre-defined and custom Community input valued by a responsive developer In game guide/manual and tutorial system Difficulty options - make the game more forgiving to get through a tough spot if you so chose Made for the PC and PC gamer market, no "consolization"						