
							About This Game
							Live the life of a pirate captain!   Recruit a crew of salty buccaneers, outfit and customize your ship, and then set sail on the open seas in search of treasure and infamy.   Using a combination of aggression, diversion, and trade, will you become the next Legendary Pirate King and the most feared pirate crew in all of Piracia?
Pixel Piracy, the 2D Pirate Simulator, is back with a foundational rebuild that brings the game to its full potential! From items to stats, to islands and loot, to the brand new Sailor Mode and Tutorial - the entire game has been revisited over the past six months to provide you with the most polished experience we’ve crafted to date. With the help of our partners at  Re-Logic (Terraria) we are proud to bring you an update that takes Pixel Piracy to a place worthy of its name. 

Adapt your play style using the different difficulty settings - there’s something for everyone, from casual to experienced roguelike players alike.   If you are a returning Pixel Piracy player, we’d like to invite you to try the game out again, as so much has changed that we don’t even know where to begin! 


CURRENT FEATURES

Current features: 

---------------------------------------------------- 
**PIXEL PIRACY COMPLETE UPDATE**
Hundreds of man-hours have gone into a free expansion that includes widespread changes across all aspects of gameplay. This is the result of six months of work in secret hand in hand with Re-Logic. The baseline changes are: 

Rebuilt A.I: Reworked from the ground up, the game’s internal A.I has been built from the ground up to provide smoother gameplay. 

Code Optimization: Internal code has been revised to speed it up on even older computers. Expect a BIG step up in quality. 

Revised Items/Stats/Loot/Enemies/Islands: We have revised each and every of these things painstakingly tweaking, balancing, and polishing to provide the definitive Pirate Sim. 

Multiple Languages: The game is now available in English, Spanish, Finnish, Italian, Portuguese, and German. 

Multiple Difficulty Levels: Gone are the extreme difficulty levels of the past, you can now adjust the game to your playstyle, from Sailor (casual) to Legendary Captain (Hardcore Roguelike Expert), there’s something for everyone. 

Full Fledged Tutorial: One of the most asked for features, the Tutorial will show you the ropes and get you started in life on Piracia! 

Sandbox open world Pirate simulator. 
------------------------------------------------- 
Procedurally generated world that changes each new game you play. While not a Roguelike in the strictest of sense, it does strike of one. 
Vast over-world map full of danger, loot, and people to prey on. 
Comprehensive loot system, upgrade-able weapons and armor, special and secret loot to deck out your sailors. 
Parrots, Pets and Plunder!! 
Each playthrough will require around 20 hours to get through (with at least 4 playthroughs needed to see all the game has to offer) 
Planned future updates/content

For more details on the game visit or follow us @pixelpiracygame or @alexpoysky or visit www.piracysim.com						