
							About This Game
							Listen my children, and you shall hear of the midnight ride of Paul Revere...When four spies of the Sons of Liberty are arrested infiltrating The Province House, their children join Paul Revere, Samuel Adams, and the Sons of Liberty to finish their mission and break them out as the threat of Revolution looms over the Colonies...Join Joseph, Ally, Doug, and Sarah as they use their wits and their toy chest to defeat the Redcoats in this 2.5D stealth-action adventure retelling of Paul Revere's Midnight Ride for kids and adults alike!Learn more about Children of Liberty at http://www.childrenofliberty.usEarly Access ProgressWant to see where the game is headed? We'll be keeping this Progress Graph up-to-date throughout Early Access. You'll be able to see which levels we're focusing on and how complete they are with each of our four characters!Keep track of our progress LIVE on Google Drive!Current Early Access StatusPlayable Levels: WarehousePlayable Characters: JosephRecent Updates: 1/22/2015 - Early Access 11.1 Quickfix! Fixed- Missing Textures in WarehouseWe have spent the first few months of Early Access cleaning out numerous bugs, improving gameplay & system compatibility, overhauling our UI to display keyboard + controller elements, and much more to make Children of Liberty a more stable and fun experience! Many thanks to our players and community for their feedback and bug reports. We are now working to bring you new content thanks to our friends at MassDigi!Features2.5D Stealth Gameplay: Lurk in the shadows! Children of Liberty features 2D gameplay in a 3D world. Run, jump, and turn along the Red Freedom Trail with smooth and responsive controls; hide, sneak, and lean around corners along the Blue Freedom Trail to gain strategic positioning against Redcoats and attack when the time is right!Traditional Animation: Thousands of frames of hand drawn animation, combined with accurate-to-reality constructed environments and realtime lighting, bring the characters of Children of Liberty to life!Four Playable Characters: By the end of early access, all four characters will be playable. See our Early Access Progress Graph to see how this is going.Multiple OS Compability: Are you an Ubuntu user? Mac OSX? Windows PC Gaming Master Race? We've got you covered! Children of Liberty is already compatible with all 3 major PC operating systems.Community: Want to make money off of showing our game to the world? Go for it! You have our permission to record and monetize Children of Liberty's gameplay on Youtube, Twitch, and other video streaming services.Incoming FeaturesFour Stories: Whether you're playing as Joseph, the bratty Bostonian with a wooden sword and a double jump; or Ally with a powerful slide and a strategic wall run; or Doug with a stunning ground pound and powerful counter-attack; or Sarah with a penchant for stringing Redcoats up by their ankles via her yoyo; Children of Liberty has something for everyone! Children of Liberty has an all-star voice cast, including Sarah Elmaleh (Gone Home), Sean Chiplock (Freedom Planet), Chris Rando (Dance Central 2), Ashly Burch (Borderlands 2), and more.Historical Accuracy: Historical accuracy is at the forefront of Children of Liberty's narrative. We're specifically leaving the narrative out of Early Access to keep it spoiler-free, but that will all change at launch. Find Codex Pages scattered around the environment to learn more about Colonial Boston. Find other hidden goodies to increase your end-of-level grade. Did you miss something? Go back at any time and try again!Challenge Your Friends: Cloud Saves, Steam Leaderboards*, and Challenge Rooms give Children of Liberty its competitive element. We plan to launch four to five challenge rooms with the game. More info soon!Backers & PartnersLantana Games would like to thank our partners and Kickstarter backers, without whom this game would not have been possible. From the bottom of our hearts, thank you for all your support! To see the full list of our backers and development partners, please visit http://www.childrenofliberty.usBug ReportsIf you need to file a bug report, please fill in this handy form! This form nearly fills in everything automatically when you open it from inside the game. We recommend taking this route for bug reports!						