
							About This Game
							Subnautica is an open world, underwater exploration and adventure game currently under construction at Unknown Worlds, the independent developer behind Natural Selection 2.Dive Into a Vast Underwater WorldAfter crash landing on an alien ocean world, the only way to go is down. Subnautica's oceans range from sun drenched shallow coral reefs to treacherous deep-sea trenches. Manage your oxygen supply as you explore Kelp Forests, plateaus, reefs, and winding cave systems. The water teems with life: Some of it helpful, much of it harmful.Scavenge, Craft, and SurviveAfter waking up in your Life Pod, the clock is ticking to find water, food, and to develop the equipment you need to explore. Collect resources from the ocean around you. Craft knives, lights, diving gear and personal water craft. Venture deeper and further form to find rarer resources, allowing you to craft more advanced items.Construct Underwater HabitatsBuild bases on the sea floor. Choose layouts and components, and manage hull-integrity as depth and pressure increase. Use your base to store resources, park vehicles, and replenish oxygen supplies as you explore the vast ocean.Disrupt the Food ChainThe ocean teems with life: Use the ecosystem to help you. Lure and distract a threatening creature with a fresh fish, or simply swim as fast as you can to avoid gnashing jaws of roaming predators.Handle the PressureBuild a Pressure Re-Active Waterproof Nanosuit, or PRAWN Suit, and explore extreme depth and heat. Modify the suit with mining drills, torpedo launchers, propulsion cannons, grappling hooks and more.Fear the NightAs the sun goes down, the predators come out. The ocean is unforgiving of those caught unawares in the darkness. Areas that are safe to explore during the day become treacherous at night, but also reveal a beauty that those who hide from the darkness will never see.Go Below The DeepCave systems wind below the sea bed, from dark claustrophobic passages to caverns lit by bio-luminescent life. Explore the world below the ocean floor, but watch your oxygen levels, and take care to avoid the threats lurking in the darkness.Open DevelopmentGet weekly or daily updates, see what the development team is working on, view real time change logs, and give feedback from inside the game. Subnautica Early Access development is open, and the development team wants to hear from you.About the Development TeamSubnautica is being created by Unknown Worlds, a small studio founded by Charlie Cleveland and Max McGuire that traces its roots back to the 2003 Half-Life mod Natural Selection. The team is scattered around the globe, from the United States to the United Kingdom, France, the Czech Republic, Russia, Thailand, Australia, and many more places. There is a central office in San Francisco, California that serves as home base for the whole team.						