
							About This Game
							What Is iRacing?We are the world’s premier computer based motorsports racing simulation/game. An iRacing.com membership provides entry into the newest form of competitive motorsport: internet racing. Internet racing is a fun, easy, and inexpensive way for race fans, simracers and gamers alike to enjoy the thrill of the racetrack from the comfort of their home. iRacing is available for Windows and Linux based computers as well as Mac’s.We are the ultimate place to go racing online. From NASCAR, to IndyCar, Aussie V8 Supercars to sports cars and Grand Prix racing, iRacing has it all. All you need is a computer, a gaming wheel or game pad that simply plugs into the USB port of your computer and an Internet connection. iRacing centrally organizes all of the racing for you with over 100 cars and tracks, 40 official series , or you can choose to host your own race or race in one of over 800 private leagues. iRacing is a thrilling on-line experience that offers:    * The best on-line racing simulation and service in the world with brilliant features and functionality    * Head-to-head racing competition in a easy to use centralized place- racing against real people    * Dynamic track surfaces that change over the course of a race just like in real world racing    * Open practice, qualifying, testing, ghost racing, time trialing competition    * Team Racing - share driving, spotting and pit crew responsibilities with your teammates and race in events up to 24 hours long    * Constant free automatic updates and improvements to the service    * Officially licensed cars that are engineered from the ground up in cooperation with real world race teams and using real-world physics    * Officially-licensed, laser-scanned exact replicas of the world’s greatest race tracks    * Officially-sanctioned racing organized by iRacing    * An online community of racing enthusiasts over 60,000 strong    * Host your own private sessions, run your own tournaments    * League Racing: create your own custom racing series with your friends or join one of the 800+ existing leagues iRacing is partnered with some of the most influential motorsports brands in the world including:CarsMore information on all of our cars is available here: http://www.iracing.com/cars Cars marked "Included" are included with your iRacing membership, all others are available as in-game purchases.TracksMore information on all of our tracks is available here: http://www.iracing.com/tracks Tracks marked "Included" are included with your iRacing membership, all others are available as in-game purchases.iRacing accounts purchased through Steam may not be combined with accounts purchased at www.iRacing.com. Special introductory pricing on Steam only available for new accounts. Pricing subject to change.						