
							About This Game
							WARNING: THIS GAME IS CURRENTLY IN EARLY ACCESS AND IS CONSIDERED IN ALPHA.  IF YOU DO NOT WISH TO PARTICIPATE IN ACTIVE DEVELOPMENT OF A GAME, PLEASE DO NOT PURCHASE THIS ITEM.  YOU WILL EXPERIENCE POSSIBLE BUGS, GAME RE-BALANCING AND PERSISTENT STAT RESETS DURING THE DEVELOPMENT PERIOD OF THIS GAME.In the year 2210, fifty years after the start of the  machine wars, the battle mech is the premier weapon of war. Standing over 35 feet tall and weighing up to 40 tons, these hulking behemoths are walking arsenals of firepower and armor that have no other rival in a theatre of war. As part of your factions Mechanized Corps,  you will need to utilize your intellect to custom configure battle mechs that suits both your play style and the mission parameters as well as hone your skills and cunning as a pilot to survivePlay on your own or join the action online in a persistent warzone called “Faction Wars”  that enables you to not only fight for domination over mission zones to earn unique unlocks and achievements, but also create and manage squadrons, and tracks player and squadron stats.Dark Horizons : Mechanized Corps is the sequel to the 2005 Independent Games Festival Finalist “Dark Horizons Lore” reviewed on The Junkyard http://legacy.the-junkyard.net/reviews.php?action=viewreview&id=46.Currently Implemented Features:Intense mech based combat. Unleash your firepower and tactics on your opponents. focus your attacks to localize damage to destroy weapons, equipment or even cripple and more readily destroy enemy mechs. Customize multiple mechs to suit different styles of play or mission types. Choose from 4 different mech classes, 41 different weapons and pieces of equipment, custom paint styles and colors and more. You can employ any of these saved configurations in-game as you play.Play any mission offline versus bots, in instant action mode. Or get into the action online against up to 16 other players (per mission)! NOTE: 32 players being worked on. Earn stats for leaderboards and achievement unlocks in a persistent game environment.Faction Wars, persistent online battle.Multiple mission environments, with 6 zones currently available.4 games modes including Attrition, Team Death Match, Free for All, and Mini-nuke.Create or  join a squad and fight together to take control of various mission zones online.Pilot progression through military ranks that also unlock faction bonuses.Implementation of 3 main factions (Federated States, Eastern Confederation, Overload Mercenary Guild).NOTE: The Faction Wars system is currently still in development, but out first order of business after EA launch is to work on getting the persistent stats feeding into the online war map system.Features that are in development 32 players for online missions.Addition of dozens of new and unique weapons and equipment to configure your mech with.More mechs for each class, providing additional unique configuration options to try out.Faction Wars, the persistent online war component will be implemented on a ongoing basis with features like:Variable spawn points per mission based on which faction has control over that mission online and other factors.Contract missions for mercenaries and faction pilots.Co-op missions with special raid and recon missions.Deploy equipment in-game at various locations throughout each mission to construct bases that will help secure key locations and enable your team to take control of the mission against your opponents.Additional Game play modes like Siege, Raids,  and Arena mode.Addition of new missions through out Early Access.Support for additional platforms (Linux/SteamOS/Mac).						