
							About This Game
							From the lead designer of Civilization IV comes a new kind of strategy game: Offworld Trading Company, an economic strategy game.Mars has been colonized and has invited you to lend a hand to make sure the new colony has a shot at success. But you're not the only one that's been invited, other business rivals are here as well and they have no qualms about playing dirty to gain the choicest territories on the Martian surface and driving their competitors out of business.Venture to Mars to Earn Your FortuneWith space travel becoming a reality and the easy-to-reach resources on Earth dwindling, hopeful people seeking their fortune are rushing to the next great frontier: Mars. Rekindle humanity’s adventurous spirit by leaving Earth behind and make a new name for yourself as a titan of industry on the red planet.Discover the Origin of the Major Martian BusinessesDetermine the fate of the Martian colonization effort in the dynamic single-player campaign mode. Multiple types of CEOs, each with unique traits and abilities, deliver many hours of discovery into their motivations and how they intend to dominate the future of Mars.Experience New Adventure in MultiplayerTurn your friends into frenemies! With a robust and exciting multiplayer mode that can support up to eight players, no two games of Offworld Trading Company are the same! The market fluctuates depending on which of the four starting corporations you and your opponents choose and what resources you accumulate. Strategy is key, and tenuous alliances between rivals are easily broken when the opportunity arises.Control the Market before your Competition Controls YouIn Offworld Trading Company, market forces are your weapons, not guns or bombs. The real-time player driven market is your sword and your shield here. In order to win, you will need to make tough choices on what resources to acquire, what goods to build and sell, how to interact with the planet's thriving underworld, and what stocks to acquire and when. With over a dozen different resources available and a constantly changing market economy, no two paths of victory are alike -- each game holds a different “key” to dominating your competition.Enjoy a Rich Soundtrack from a Grammy Award Winning ComposerTransport yourself to Mars and immerse yourself in the battle for big business with an incredible soundtrack from composer Christopher Tin (Baba Yetu, Civilization IV). This retro-futuristic score mixes orchestra instrumentals, piano, and synthesizers while utilizing unique pitch-dives and other electronic treatments. All of these unique elements gives Offworld a truly otherworldly tone. Check out the full interview here: http://www.mohawkgames.com/2016/04/26/christopher-tin-goes-offworld/						