
							About This Software
							ViaCAD™ 2D/3D brings the power of 3D to everyone; regardless of your design experience. This software provides a seamless marriage of 2D and 3D to help you take your sketched ideas to 3D realism. Powerful but easy-to-use 3D design and drafting tools will help you create like seasoned designers and compatibility with other systems will let you share your designs. With support for both metric and imperial measurements as well as AutoCAD™, SketchUP, Rhinoceros and other formats to share, ViaCAD™ is the perfect 3D software to model your ideas. ViaCAD™ has tools for architectural drawings, mechanical designs, electrical schematics, Do-It-Yourself projects, and much more. The addition of PowerPack LT allows you to prepare and verify your data for 3D printing. PowerPack LT provides a collection of tools designed to increase your productivity within 3D printing and managing CAD data by finding common mistakes with your model before printing. You’ll save time and materials with an overall 3D print check.Here are just some of the types of drawings you can create with ViaCAD™: • 3D models for prototyping with 3D printers • Mechanical parts • DIY projects: from 3D models of game accessories, characters to furniture and work benches • Architectural drawings for drafting documents, room layouts and 3D visualization • Inventions: Easily create 3D models of your concepts • Educational: Drawings and 3D models for science fairs • 3D Models shared at the office • Objects for use in game development studios Creating 3D models is easy with ViaCAD™, regardless of the design’s complexity. The LogiCursor™ will guide your cursor to help you create drafting documents or even align points in 3D. Editing is as easy as drag and drop with the Gripper™. • The LogiCursor™ allows drawing precisely with your mouse and cursor in both 2D and 3D, aligning your cursor with existing points in your drawing. • The Gripper provides click and drag style editing for moving, copying, scaling and rotating parts of the drawing, even faces. • Push/Pull Modeling delivers intuitive editing of your 3D models, allowing 3D surfaces to be editing with your mouse and cursor. • Customizable Grids can be configured as rectangular, polar (circular), and even Isometric. • 26,000 symbols are included to speed up your designing! Powerful Solid Modeling ViaCAD™ provides solid modeling technology found in much higher end products. There is a unique tie between 2D and 3D; which means you can edit 2D profiles used to create 3D objects and the 3D shape will automatically update. • Feature-based History Tree for editing • Powerful 3D editing tools such as blending, chamfering, and shelling • A complete design tool with extrusions, Booleans, surface modeling for more complex smooth surfaces • Precise geometry suitable for ‘concept to manufacturing’ • Tools to create 3D from 2D shapes 2D Drafting and Documentation A complete set of 2D drawing tools is provided for drafting documents and sketching schematics, floor plans, mechanical designs and more. • 26 industry-standard dimension styles • 250+ tools for 2D drafting and editing • Tools to create Section Views to highlight important drawing features • Automatically generate 2D drawings from 3D models • Bill of Materials for tracking ViaCAD™ is built with professional level technology providing speed, precision, and compatibility. Now a 64-bit application, ViaCAD™ provides a smoother workflow allowing for faster drawing manipulation and working with larger files. Compatibility with AutoCAD, SketchUp and other products means you can share your designs with others. Using ACIS™-based geometry means you are creating with the same technology used by others using software costing thousands of dollars. • Includes 19 file formats to share your designs. GES, STEP, SAT, SketchUP, AutoCAD, DXF/DWG, OBJ, Adobe Illustrator, Rhinoceros, STL, 3DS Max, and more.• Includes STL export for 3D PrintingPowerPack LTPowerPack expands the functionality of ViaCAD™ 2D/3D with tools for 3D printing. General utilities allow you to manage CAD data and validate parts required for 3D printing. Example tools include an overall 3D print check, slice preview, overhang and wall thickness analysis, and surface normals check. These 3D printing capabilities will strengthen your work and enhance your productivity.3D Printing ToolsThe 3D Printing tools provide a collection of tools to check and prepare a part for 3D Printing. • Normals Check• Overhang 3D Print Check• Surface Analysis• Wall Thickness• Preview Slices• Auto Position• Support Structure• Show Printer Volume• Printer DefinitionsGeneral UtilitiesA collection of tools for manipulating entity attributes. • Assorted Colors• Preview Layers• AutoLayer• Isolate Layer from Selection• Change File Scale• Spell Check• Rename• Show Only By Name						