
							About This Game
							“Lead your Z: Steel Soldiers into the next century rebooted for the rocket fuelled fans of the classic hard-core strategy game.In the bloody aftermath of ‘Z’ comes Z: Steel Soldiers. All your favourite strategies and gameplay from the classic version, with graphics that have powered into the 21st century, vivid 3D landscapes, and a state of the art engine that brings your game to life.  Meet the new breed of robots, with a taste for war and a warped sense of humour.  Z: Steel Soldiers – you’ve never had it so good!”When you take control of your Steel Soldiers unit, you’d better hit the ground running, as you take some superb war machinery straight into the heat of battle. You can start to build up your forces when this firefight is over. Right now you’d better just dig in! Every theatre of the war is intertwined with the non-linear plot, revealing more twists and turns than a roller coaster, this is no ordinary battle, and these are no ordinary troops. They are fearless troops who drink rocket fuel and pick fights with saber-tooth snow slugs just for fun. You’ve never met robots quite this screwed-up before... Features * 30 Distinct, lush levels spread across 6 unique worlds. * Air, ground and sea units ranging from WW2 based vehicles through to modern jet fighters. * Significantly enhanced 3D Graphics packed full of scalable features such as reflections and particle systems providing intense and rich landscapes. * Real-time environment forces, both local and world forces affect the environment to such detail that even plumes of smoke are split as helicopters come soaring through. * 9 different robots each with unique abilities. * Revolutionary fast-resource style gameplay; The more territories you take, the larger the resource ‘flag’ in that territory and the faster and more you can build; leaving you to deal with the real objective – all-out warfare! * Our most advanced AI yet, that will stop at nothing to rid the universe of Zod and his band of space renegades... GET READY TO KISS YOUR SHINY METAL BUTT GOODBYE						