
							About This Game
							In This War Of Mine you do not play as an elite soldier, rather a group of civilians trying to survive in a besieged city; struggling with lack of food, medicine and constant danger from snipers and hostile scavengers. The game provides an experience of war seen from an entirely new angle.The pace of This War of Mine is imposed by the day and night cycle. During the day snipers outside stop you from leaving your refuge, so you need to focus on maintaining your hideout: crafting, trading and taking care of your survivors. At night, take one of your civilians on a mission to scavenge through a set of unique locations for items that will help you stay alive.Make life-and-death decisions driven by your conscience. Try to protect everybody from your shelter or sacrifice some of them for longer-term survival. During war, there are no good or bad decisions; there is only survival. The sooner you realize that, the better.This War of Mine: Anniversary EditionIt's been two years since This War of Mine global release and we're still expanding the experience. This new free DLC, created especially for the Anniversary Edition, adds new characters, new locations to explore, and most importantly - a whole new ending, leading to a different outcome to the game. The dilemma though remains the same – how far will you go, to protect the ones you care about? This War of Mine:Inspired by real-life eventsControl your survivors and manage your shelterCraft weapons, alcohol, beds or stoves – anything that helps you surviveMake decisions - an often unforgiving and emotionally difficult experienceRandomized world and characters every time you start a new gameCharcoal-stylized aesthetics to complement the game's themePreviews:IGNThis War of Mine might be the war game we need.GamespotI was intrigued by This War of Mine's attempts to portray the consequences of war in a way that games have largely ignored in the past. The fact that the psychological and emotional challenges of living under such horrifying conditions are something you have to consider as you struggle gives me added hope that it might treat its hefty and important subject matter with the gravity and complexity that it deserves.Game Informer11bit is blazing a new thematic trail amidst the currently popular survival genre, and so far the studio seems to have something special on its hand.						