
							About This Game
							Quick Synopsis Lucent Heart is a free-to-play MMORPG with an emphasis on relationship building between players. Whether players decide to search for ancient treasures or dance the night away in Thereall City square, a magical and action-packed journey is no less than expected in the lands of Acadia. The Open Beta event will be host to a slew of new content such as new zones and dungeons to explore, new threats to face, new weapons and armor to obtain, but most of all, the highly coveted player housing! Features •	The Cupid System; An extensive matchmaking system to help players find their soul mate •	A Marriage System for soul mates including the ability for same-sex marriage •	A new chapter in the Lucent Heart story to dive into with a fresh and compelling social community accepting of all types of players •	A Babylonian inspired Zodiac System that adds new levels of challenge and complexity on the battlefield •	And finally, a new highly-anticipated feature; Player Housing. Players will be able to acquire their own in-game houses that are fully customizable, sociable and constantly evolving Housing System The new player housing feature allows players to fully customize a room of their own. This customization includes things such as furnishing, wallpaper and even lighting. The more stylish the player’s house is the more style points they will be awarded. Players will also be able to create their own treasure hunt games in their houses and compete in teams with their friends for rewards and high scores! Faith System Players will also be able to explore a new feature called the Faith System. This is similar to the current Astrolabe Tree system found in Lucent Heart in the sense that you are able to learn new abilities that cater to either light or darkness. In order to activate those skills players must acquire either Light or Dark Faith Points by performing tasks for Theia and Cadena. Will players travel the path of light or the road of darkness? We can’t wait to find out!						