
							About This Game
							Volume 2: "U7 - Berlin" is the next release continuing the successful product series " World of Subways" introducing famous subway lines around the world to all subway enthusiasts. After Vol. 1, Vol. 2 contains the route U7 of Berlin`s subway. It takes you from Spandau to Rudow and is therefore the longest of all Berlin`s subway routes.Route mapWith a coverage of 31.8 km (19,8 miles) and 40 stations the U7 is not only the longest of all Berlin subway lines but also the line with the most stations and the longest journey time. Built from 1924 to 1984 this large profile line runs completely underground, through a total of 5 districts of the German capital and even goes underneath the rivers Spree and Havel as well as the Teltow and the Westhafen canal. More of its history can be found hereFeaturesHere´s what you can expect from "World of Subways Vol. 2: U7 - Berlin " A feature list to be exited about.Animated display monitors at stations.Realistic shift service to schedule.Intelligent and custom announcementsPassenger volume dependend on time if day.Simulation of wear and tear caused by style of operation (can be selected via options)Extensive scoring system, adding to the excitement and fun.Custom setting of destination display during operations.Customizable light settings on train (position lights, cab lighting, etc)Opening doors to be seen from either inside or outside, controlled by the playerDoors can be openend seperately. Options are the doors on the right and left side of the train. Of course you can also open both sides at the same time.Train vibration – as soon as the train starts moving, vibrations will take effect on the train.Train swings – The train will start swinging the higher the speed. You will especially get this kind of feel in the cab. Hard braking will also produce this effect and the train will still be in a swinging motion when it has come to a full stop.Intelligent AI traffic operating to real schedules. Display on destination signs and announcements are controlled automatically.Configurable key commands – The player can freely configure keys to his liking. He can for instance configure the key for the brake lever wherever he wants.3D – Cockpit with rotatable camera – allowing the player to look around. By using a key stroke the view angle will be centered again.Free movement inside the train – While the train is stationary at a station you will have the option to switch to an ego perspective inside the passenger car. You can move by using keyboard commands, view angles can be controlled with the mouse.Free movement on the station – you can get off the train at any station and move around (ego perspective). There will also be some missions starting on the platform of a station. The player will have to walk into to the train, into the cab which is seperated from the passenger area by a door.Free movement in the tunnels and on the trackChanging of cabs – sometimes you will have to change the cabs during a mission. The train driver has to leave the cab, the train and then walk along the platform to the other end. He then gets into the train and cab again to prepare for departure.A brandnew mission module with new missionFlashlight for virtual walk in the tunnelCompatible with Raildriver Cab ControllerRolling StockThe U-7 line is a so called wide gauge line, carrying only wide gauge trains. The main difference to the narrow gauge line trains such as the U1, U2, U15, U3 and U4 line trains lies in the measurements of the carriages and the power supply. Gauge width though is the same on the narrow and wide gauge tracks (1435 millimeters)."World of Subways Vol.2: U7 - Berlin" features the wide gauge trains F 90 and the H 01.F 90:In 1974 the series F (F74) was being built and then further developed. The F90 was built from 1990 to 1991. The outline and constructual parts of the train are rather plain and simple compared to the modern H series. Nevertheless it shows the timeless elegance (if one can say so) of the 70´s and 80`s. These trains were built by ABB Henschel.H 01:The H 01 is one of the most modern vehicles of the Berlin Subway System. This wide gauge train has been built between 2000 and 2002. These trains were built by ABB Henschel, Adtranz, Bombardier. The H train is usually a set of 6 cars. This system allows a seamless transition between the cars of the trains resulting in 100 m long distance wher the passenger can walk through from end to end.HighlightsBesides being the longest Berlin Subway route it has some more features which are worth mentioning.The underground route is really entertaining and exiting as is has many turns and gradients on offer. Just before the Mehringdamm/Gneisenaustr. crossroads for example it does a very hard left turn in a radius of not even 100 m, one of the most difficult turns in the Berlin Subway system.Impressive 2 level tunnel sections such as in the area of Mehringdamm and Jungfernheide, many chamber locks at the underground sections of the rivers and canals which close rapidly when water comes through, are another feature.The stations architechture holds a lot of varieties, here´s a description of two of them:First we´d like to mention the station Hermannplatz.. Being 7 m high, 132 m long and 22 m wide, its almost a cathedral. The first subway escalators were introduced here in 1926 with another highlight coming three years later. The year 1929 the department store Karstadt opened at Hermannplatz, at this time the most modern store in all of Europe. The Karstadt company paid part of the costs of building tis pompous station and in return got a direct entrance to its store. Even today still almost unique.When designing "Zitadelle", inspiration came purely from the nearby Spandau citadel, one of the most important medieval fortresses of Europe and one of the many touristical attractions of Berlin and the district of Spandau.Don`t miss to visit the official TML-Studios website at: http://www.world-of-subways.com						