
							About This Game
							Experience the mind bending power of single player cooperation.Project Temporality is a third person action/puzzle game built around the concept of allowing the player to play with time. Thanks to our proprietary engine Sparta 3D we make the fourth dimension as available as the other three. Just as with a VCR you can rewind time or fast-forward through it seamlessly.Combining this and our time line concept you will solve mind-bending puzzles, by giving yourself a helping hand. Any time you need a friend, you can be that friend. Create a new timeline at any time/any place there are no restrictions. This game is all about giving you full freedom in four dimensions.Solve puzzles involving lasers, mirrors, force fields, trap doors, platforms, keys etc. Exploit time to do the impossible. Explore the world and see into the mind of its people. We hope that you will enjoy the result of our years of evenings and weekends.Contains 6-14 hours of gameplay.Key Features4D Gameplay  The fourth dimension Time is as accessible to you as the other three since at any time you can rewind to any earlier point in time, to find that perfect moment for you. No more frustrating replays performing the same sequence over and over again. Just rewind and fix.Single Player Cooperation This is the key part of the game. You can exist in many parallel timelines using time clones. It means that every time you need a friend's help in the game, you can be that friend. You can spawn a new time clone at any position and time in the game, and once you create a new one it’s there forever. Multiple true timelines Time clones will continue to perform the actions you recorded. They are, however, still a part of the game world, and if you change the game world the end result will also change. Temporality fielded objects A temporality fielded object is an object that won’t be affected by your time manipulations, because it is inside a field that cancels out all timelines except the original one. The Paradox Effect  Combining the true timelines with the temporality fielding allows us to create paradox based puzzles where one single timelines performs multiple different actions depending from where in time it is viewed. Mathematically every temporality fielded object increases the number of dimensions with one which is what allows the paradox effect.						