
							About This Game
							Smugglers 5  is the fifth installment in the turn-based  single-player space trading game series. Will you be a greedy trader, an ambitious fleet pilot or a ruthless pirate? Board enemy ships, manage factories, conquer star systems and forge your own galactic empire - ultimately, your actions will have an impact on a galactic scale. 'It’s basically Elite… but turn-based. [...]' - Rockpapershotgun.com blog (Smugglers 4) 'Smugglers 5 is an impressive and exceedingly addictive game.[...]' - darkzero.co.uk  'I’ve been playing Smugglers' games since I was a kid[...]' - Christian T. (a happy customer) The galaxy is at war - the Federation, the Coalition, the Outer Rim systems and the criminal Syndicate battle for control. It's a dangerous life for a pilot on the front lines, but it can also be a lucrative one - are you an honest trader, or does smuggling illegal goods sound more profitable? Will you join the war effort for your faction, set up your own empire or simply explore the galaxy?The fifth instalment in the long-running Smugglers series features a completely revised turn-based combat system and a range of new ships to fly, as well as  a host of exciting features: 	Explore the galaxy through a fast turn-based travel and combat system	4 factions; 6 professions with new, unique skill trees; 100+ different skills and a revised skill system	30+ spaceships and encounters ranging from fighters up to battleships, cruise missiles and star bases 	Non-linear war and campaign system. You can influence the war!	Manage a crew, board enemy ships, become Admiral and command whole fleets	Plunder planets and pirate outposts, conquer space systems and even rule your own empire!	Supply and demand based trading with the storyline and campaign influencing prices	More than 80,000 words of interactive non-linear storylines (that´s about the size of two novels)	Advanced text generation technology and new planet exploration short stories make every game different.	Marry a beautiful wife and have children	Optional compatibility mode to allow blind players to enjoy the game	and much more ...The six most important new features  compared to Smugglers 4:	You can now start and rule your own empire	Manage your own factories or pirate outposts	Raid and plunder planets or pirate outposts	80,000 words of new and dynamic short stories (the equivalent of a full length novel).	Completely revised skill and combat system	Play as an independent adventurer - or join the military 'TOP 1 bestselling RPG game' - GOG.com from 16th to 24th March 2014 'TOP 6 bestselling INDIE game' - GOG.com from 16th to 24th March 2014 'TOP 3 bestselling PC game' - Impulsedriven.com in May 2011 (Prequel Smugglers 4)  'TOP 1 bestselling indie game' - Direct2Drive.com in June 2011 (Prequel Smugglers 4) There's a ship in the hangar and the stars are calling to you. Don't keep them waiting.						