
							About This Game
							X-Plane 10 Global is the latest version of a simulator that has been in development continuously for almost 20 years. This latest version of X-Plane 10 brings numerous improvements and enhancements for PC, Mac and Linux virtual pilots, unleashing the power of modern systems with its 64 bit processing and multi-core support.Designed to be the most flexible flight simulator it has a fully open structure that allows the enthusiast to change every part. With thousands of compatible add-ons there is no kind of flying craft that is not simulated and there is a whole world to explore.Boasting a 20 year old pedigree, X-Plane utilizes Incredible cloudscapes to bring the sky to life whilst the ground depicts real-world roads, cities, towns and more to ensure the most realistic flying experience possible. The completely new rendering engine shows the world around you in high detail and with global illumination so lights behave like real lights.The  core is a virtual wind tunnel that creates the most realistic flight modeling available on a desktop.  Equally capable of simulating every type of aircraft, the virtual pilot is able to experience the challenges of flying big airliners or tiny ultra-light aircraft. The realism of X-Plane 10 Global is proven by the fact that X-Plane is used as a certified training tool. Each aircraft flies just as it should, from the glider to the Space Shuttle!Air Traffic Control will guide you from startup to shut-down and also controls the other aircraft around you. Those other aircraft are not robotic as they are in other simulators, but they interact with the world in the same way as your own aircraft does. They will fight the same cross winds and turbulence as you encounter, they will need more runway to stop when the weather conditions are not favorable. Just like real pilots do, you will watch their take-off to be prepared for what your take-off will be like. It’s still simulated but it gets very close to real aviation!X-Plane 10 Global is built with the future in mind and makes full use of the hardware in your system. If you own a fast multi-core machine you will be able to simulate more aircraft around you and see more details but even with a moderate machine X-Plane 10 Global is capable of displaying a tremendous amount of objects without slowing down.FeaturesSuper accurate flight characteristics using a virtual wind tunnelIncludes 30 aircraft, from gliders to the Space ShuttleOnline flying with other virtual pilotsAir Traffic Control actually controls the other aircraft around youAccurate terrain, roads and moreGlobal ‘Plausible World’ auto generated sceneryNew rendering engine with innovative global lighting64 Bit optimizedTotally flexible and extendable with thousands of existing add-ons (and many more to come)Includes super-detailed scenery for Nice (LFMN), Paderborn-Lippstadt (EDLP) and Faro (LPFR)printed “Quick Start Guide” includedDefault SceneryHaving installed the software via Steam you only have the main simulator as well as the Seattle region. More scenery has been divided into various free and optional DLCs. Installation of said DLCs is quite simple and is done very fast. -> Guide						