
							About This Game
							Ever wonder what sort of secrets are hidden amongst nature? Now’s your chance to find out. Soar through the skies, swim the depths of the ocean, and explore the lush rainforests in Wander, the non-combat explorative-based MMO. Made by a indie studio from Melbourne, Australia with 3 full time team members, and updated very often. Slow moving and relaxing. Lots of trees, no explosions.Wander is a game based on tranquility - imagine the soothing sounds of the tropical ambience unfolding around you. Listen to the rush of the pristine waves as birds flying overhead call out to one another. Life is all around you; you are one with nature.Starting a new game in Wander’s extensive world renders you as a giant tree with minimal understanding of who, or what, you are. Storms that affect the known planets transform you, and continue to influence your path as you travel throughout the world. You are brought to life by a rare flower, which holds powers that will change your course and reveal untouched areas. Enchanting opera singers guide you on your journey through the lands.In Wander, you’re more than just a series of changing shapes. Wander gives you the ability to discover through nature’s eyes. It is one of the first MMOs with a different goal in mind; instead of destroying an enemy target or overcoming territory, players forge alliances and help relate each other to all the world has to offer. Its soothing sounds and collaborative gameplay focus on the narrative elements that connect us. How will you team up with others, face challenges, and uncover new areas? Explore the enigma in Wander: Welcome to the rainforest.Wander's features include:Breathtaking landscape in full HD based on realistic weather patterns and researched rainforest dataUtilizing exploration, beauty, cooperation and transformation to give you a unique player experienceLarge scale non-competitive MMO gameplayExtensive world filled with unseen and secluded mysteriesImmersive and intricate sound designContinuously soothing atmosphereWander was produced with the support of Screen Australia, Film Victoria and The City Of Melbourne.						