
							About This Game
							WARNING: H-Hour is an Early Access Alpha.  Please do not purchase unless you like actively supporting a game under development, having a voice in game direction and are comfortable with incomplete or unfinished features.   If you are interested in H-Hour but prefer a fully developed game, please wait for our full release-est. for 3rd quarter 2017. ------------------------------------------------------------------H-Hour: World's Elite™ (H-Hour) is a tactical, team-based military shooter in which cooperation among players is required for success. The game uses a Third Person perspective to enhance the player's situational awareness.  This battlefield perspective rewards strategic awareness and teamwork. Designed as a spiritual successor to the early SOCOM series, H-Hour is primarily a one life game that encourages players to think strategically and work as a team in order to avoid waiting in the dead room until the round ends. A respawn mode is also offered. This allows for player warmups and to help new players adjust to the Third Person perspective prior to joining the community in the more punishing one life game play. Currently H-Hour includes one life and respawn game play. There are 4 maps and 6 game modes available to select from including Elimination, Demolition, Breach, Sabotage, Suppression and Hostage Extraction. Players can also select from 6 different characters, change camos and dance moves and setup a variety of different loadouts for weapons and equipment to carry on the battlefield depending on the demands of a particular mode. Servers can be configured for  numerous in game features such as:enabling/disabling Vote to Kick and Friendly Fire, switching between one life, respawn or running a mix dependent on game mode, setting the player number, round time and number of rounds in a match. We have also added a custom map Workshop to allow the H-Hour community to develop and share their own maps for the game.  To date these maps have been a mix of SOCOM recreations and original content. Workshop maps require download before they can be played on the servers.All characters and locations are presented in a plausible, authentic manner. The game characters are inspired by real Special Operations Forces and the maps to simulate real world locations—repurposed and staged for battles where savages plot and launch their insurgencies or terrorism campaigns.						