
							About This Game
							Strategy, trade and empire building on the old Silk Road. Spice Road is a town building, social and economic simulation game full of original challenges."Deep in the mountains and deserts of central Asia, where life is hard and death is sudden, thin trails of gold, silk and spice trace a web between the industrial forges of the West and the exotic climes of the East."You are a colonial governor in the 18th Century, building a town on the Spice Road in a time of war and discovery. More than spice travels your roads – musket armies, philosophies, and power plays that span the globe are at your control. From palace to monastry, trade post to smugglers den – your town is worthless without the nobles, monks, merchants and rogues that chose to live in it – and keeping them all happy at the same time is never simple.Spice Road uses the StormRaid™ engine to deliver a beautiful fully 3D rendered world on high-end DirectX® graphics cards.Features:    Advanced economic and trading simulation. 3 tiers of industry provide goods and services for populations of citizens, slaves and nobles with full control over wages and taxation.    Build a network of farms, mines and caravan routes. Scout the map to find rare and exotic goods to export to distant lands.    Defeat Bandit raiders, or pay them tribute to keep your routes peaceful.    Compete against cunning corporate rivals. Choose diplomacy or raid their caravans and wage war on their cities.    Meet your citizen's social and religious needs. Attract visiting explorers or pilgrims by developing the entertainment or spiritual side of your town.    20 Campaign Missions + generate new maps in Sandbox mode. Player Comments: "I think it's genuinely fantastic. I play many strategy games, and it's hard to find a mid-level title that is as solid as Spice Road in terms of gameplay." - Colin"This must be one of the best indie titles I've ever played. I really love it how new features that you unlock bring new challenges... the deep gameplay is something that I enjoyed most in Spice Road!" - Pawel"An excellent game... Having TONS of fun" - Unchayned						