
							About This Game
							A BREATHTAKING SPACE ADVENTURE Beyond Space is a cutting-edge 3D space shooter game that immerses players in the darkest plots in a similar vein to the best Space Operas. Scores of planetary systems, nebulas and asteroid fields to explore. Fully detailed 3D Graphics, mesmerizing, beautifully painted spacescapes, spectacular special effects, and rendered glows, lights, sun flares and reflections. All of which intensified with an ambient yet dynamic soundtrack and great sound effects. You are Max Walker, a spacefaring adventurer and pilot-for-hire, who gets drawn into a galaxy-spanning conflict. AN EPIC SPACE ODYSSEY WORTHY OF THE GREATEST HOLLYWOOD BLOCKBUSTERS Our journey begins when Max Walker starts a contract with the Alliance of Planets and immediately gets drawn into a galaxy-spanning conflict. His mission will take him beyond the reaches of space, while fighting many different opponents and meeting pirate overlords, scheming politicians, deceitful allies and ambitious leaders – all entangled in a space epic that will change the face of the galaxy.Dive into this original story with its rich and captivating storyline localized in English with English actor-voiced dialogues and cutscenes. TAKE CONTROL OF POWERFUL SPACEFIGHTERS Aboard your ship, show off your pilot skills with barrel rolls and boost jumps, while keeping a close eye on your "Incoming" warning system and shaking off tailing enemies and guided missiles... Unlock a great variety of ships in the Hangar and select your weapons, shields and afterburners among the dozens of items to create thousands of possible combinations… to face any situation. SMART ENEMIES Enemies in Beyond Space are smart and characterized by their AI. Different units perform their own battlefield tactics. Fleet Squadrons will gather to strike, whereas pirates will act in a more disorganized manner… making them more unpredictable. Advanced AI with an adjustable difficulty level to keep all players on their toes.						