
							About This Game
							Our gameplay is a love letter to the AKI classics of the Nintendo 64 era, WCW/nWo Revenge and WWF No Mercy, and we're taking full advantage of current game engine technology. We're delivering a gaming experience that looks modern but feels fun and familiar. A game made BY wrestling fans, FOR wrestling fans.Our PhilosophyOur mission with Pro Wrestling X is clear and attainable:  Focus on simple-but-deep gameplay mechanics that are FUN! Build a game that's open and moddable. Give PC gamers the freedom and tools to create and share new content. Create a wrestling game platform that evolves and grows – and never goes backwards. The ultimate goal: the fun of WWF No Mercy + the depth of Fire Pro Wrestling. Give love and respect to pro wrestling for the memories it has given us.Roadmap to 1.0Thanks to a successful Kickstarter, we're committed to delivering the following functionality for our 1.0 release: Movement – Standard D-pad/stick directional movement; running/Irish whips; climb turnbuckle; enter/exit ring to floor; block/perry/escape (think WWF No Mercy); pick up downed opponent; taunt; pinfall attempt. Grappling – 4 front grapple moves; 2 back grapple moves; 1 corner grapple; 1 special/finisher. Striking/submission – 3 strikes; 2 ground submissions; 1 ground strike; 2 flying turnbuckle moves. Extras – 3 playable characters; 1 base arena; blue steel cage (made most famous in WWF Wrestlefest); "international objects" (aka weapons). Controls – Keyboard and USB gamepad support (XBox 360 controller compatible)Current Status: Early AccessPro Wrestling X is an Early Access title, probably not for the faint of heart. We've started with basic movement, striking and grappling, and as we perfect each mechanism, we'll keep adding more. If you are looking for a complete game and don't want to see how the sausage is made, hold off for now. Add us to your Wishlist and circle back in a bit!If, however, you want to witness a wrestling game get developed from the ground up and have your voice heard along the way, hop aboard the crazy train. There may be bugs and glitches and a not-so-deep experience on day one, but we're not going to stop – and we'd love your help!Nice things said about us"I'm very happy to make a donation for this. Best of luck as always and hope to see this come to completion!"– Producer of WWF No Mercy, Sanders Keel, backing our Kickstarter"it's been a long-road for the game so far... we're betting that its passionate developers won't be pinned to the mat quite so easily."– PC Gamer"...An independently developed game that aimed to bring back the glory days of No Mercy was a thing that I very much wanted to play."– RockPaperShotgun.com"With Pro Wrestling X ... coming out, the future of wrestling games could be bright once more."– Kotaku UKStay in touchWe're all over the Interweb. We send out an email newsletter with project updates every Friday, and we post pretty regularly to Facebook and Twitter. Come find us:http://www.facebook.com/prowrestlingxhttp://www.twitter.com/prowrestlingxJoin the email list: http://eepurl.com/COxw9						