
							About This Content
							Get yourself ready to adventure through the world of La Tale with this Beginner Package! Obtain epic buffs for your character, expand your inventory to carry more essential items for your journey, and pick a stylish fashion set. Plus, you'll have ten opportunities to win a prize from La Deck! You could win an exclusive pet, a powerful weapon, or other valuable items!Package Contents1x Bundle of Love - Bring this bundle to Ignate at the City of Elias to get helpful potions to raise your experience gain rate, item drop rate, and Ely gain rate.1x General Inventory Bag - Expand your inventory capacity to hold more equipments, consumable items, quest items, and more.10x Gold Dart of Luck - Throw a dart on La Deck for a chance to win special exclusive prizes.1x Toma's Fashion Coupon - Choose from a list of exclusive fashion sets and show your style to the world. Bring this coupon to Gema at the City of Belos to exchange it!How to RedeemTo redeem your item package and receive your items, please follow these simple steps after making your purchase:Right-click La Tale in your Steam library, select 'View CD key', highlight the package you wish to redeem, and select 'COPY KEY TO CLIPBOARD'.Launch the game, and log in with the character you wish to receive the item package with.Open the Fashion Shop located at the bottom of the screen, and click 'Get Astros'.In the space provided under ‘Item Package Redemption’, right-click, and select ‘paste’.Click 'Redeem'.After successfully redeeming your key, claim your items by talking to any Storage NPC (found in each town) and selecting the Gift Bundle option. You can also access your Gift Bundle at the top-left of your main screen.Please note that it may take up to 15 minutes after redeeming your item package key for the items to be sent to your Gift Bundle.About La TaleWelcome to the world of La Tale! Choose your own path within a land of ever-unfolding stories!La Tale is a free-to-play, massively multi-player online role-playing game (MMORPG), with classic 2D side-scrolling action. The game features over 50 character classes: each with unique skills and weapons. With near-endless character customization, pets, crafting, and guilds… will you still allow fearsome foes to defy you?Journey across strange and beautiful lands: full of mystery, sorcery, science, art, music, and wild sights you’ll have to push to discover yourself... Uncover the tale of Iris Livier, and begin your own tale now!Key FeaturesOver 50 classes at your disposal.Develop your playstyle by utilizing innumerable unlockable skills.Tackle huge bosses with friends or by the power of your own hand.Explore two gigantic worlds with open and undiscovered areas.Customize your character's appearance with near-endless options.Raise pets with unique skills to accompany you.Persevere to Level 220, all while choosing your own skill path.Join a guild and work together to increase bonuses.Raise your ranking by combating other players in PvP.Craft unique equipment, accessories, and mysterious items.Start your own business with a personal shop.Compatible with both controller and keyboard & mouse setup.Participate in fantastic events to win rare prizes and recognition.Regular bi-weekly updates.						