
							About This Game
							The story…

The adventure of little beneficial cell continues.
As in the first chapter of his journey, the small cell will have to come back to life a part of the organic tissue in which it floats, but this time the method used is very different:
must create and close the beneficial bubbles to attain a level of coverage required to overcome the various levels. These bubbles, once created, will crystallize and explode on contact with the main cell. With increasing levels appear new bonuses and new enemies. There are three worlds, in which appear random barriers and large breathing cells that will hinder the journey of the protagonist.

Objectives of the game...

The aim of the game is to revitalize the organic tissue (at any level) with the " beneficial bubbles " that are drawn from the main character ( "back to life ... "). To close the drawing of the bubble must return to the starting point of the " design " ( indicated by the yellow arrows ) . In the design phase of the bubble, if the red contours are touched by an enemy or by the protagonist himself, then the construction of the bubble explodes and is canceled. To pass each level you have to fill ( revitalizing ) with the " beneficial bubbles " a certain percentage of organic material present in the playfield ( the percentage covered / required is displayed in the lower-right corner of the screen) . There are 300 levels divided into three worlds. With increasing levels appear new enemies and new bonuses. Each level has a time limit to be exceeded, visible in the upper-left corner of the screen. The final goal of the game is to overcome all 300 levels of the three worlds, to complete the mission of the small beneficial cell.
Once created, the beneficial bubble 'crystallises' after a few seconds (and turns blue). If the main character touches a bubble crystallized, it explodes decreasing the percentage covered. This was done also to improve the 'strategic' side of the game. At the top right of the screen is also a MAP that helps you to orientate in the exploration of the level.						