
							About This Content
							Setting and Library Module for Fantasy Grounds IIStrap on your six-gun and saddle up, partner. There's Hell to pay and the currency is hot lead!The year is 1879, but the history is not our own. The guns of the Civil War are silent in a tense cease-fire. California is shattered by the Great Quake Quake of '68, a superfuel called ghost rock revealed in the new channels and cliff faces. Powerful Rail Barons strive to complete a transcontinental railroad, and the Great Rail Wars exact a bloody toll in the Union, the Confederacy, the Sioux Nation, the Mormon state of Deseret, and the Independent Commonwealth of California.The Tombstone Epitaph has always been filled with lurid tales of daring desperadoes and deadly drifters, but lately the West's most-read tabloid claims there's something more sinister stalking the fronteir's lonely plains: monsters! Fortunately, where there are monsters, there are heroes. Squinte-eyed gunfighters, card-chucking hexsligners, savage braves, and righteous padres have all answered the call. And if they fight hard enough, they might just discover the identity of the mysterious Reckoners some say are behind it all.The Player's Guide is the core rules book for player of Deadlands Reloaded. It includes new rules for shootouts at high noon, new Edges, Hindrances, and powers, and everything thing a cowpoke needs to begin his journey into the Weird West.The Deadlands Reloaded Player's Guide is not a complete game. The gamemaster will also need the Savage Worlds ruleset and the Deadlands Reloaded Marshal's Handbook module. For offline viewing, you will need the Savage Worlds ruleset and a Full or Ultimate license of Fantasy Grounds. When connected to a hosting gamemaster, you will be able to peruse your local copy without downloading anything from the host or requiring permission from the host.What You GetPlayer library moduleCustom extensionA PDF tuturial of the new features in the Deadlands extensionA load of new Edges, hindrances, equipment and moreRequires: A Fantasy Grounds full or ultimate license and the Savage Worlds v3 Ruleset for off-line viewing. A Lite license for viewing when connected to a host.Fantasy Grounds II Conversion: Ben Turner						