
							About This Game
							NoLimits 2 is the ultimate roller coaster simulation that lets you experience authentic roller coaster thrills. Climb into the world's most famous roller coasters and experience the excitement in real time. Or design a new roller coaster that is engineered to your specifications. Use a full-featured roller coaster editor with a CAD-style wire-frame display to build a custom coaster. Drag and drop track, supporting structures, and other objects. Use slider bars to change the perspective of the elements being designed, and to zoom in and out. Your only constraints are the laws of physics and your imagination. After you have designed and constructed your roller coaster, NoLimits 2 serves up a real-time roller coaster experience, from the time the train chugs its way up the first slope, to the time it stops to a stop on the exit platform. The simulation includes the sounds of the wind rushing by, and the metal-on-metal sounds that are integral to enjoying a coaster ride. It's easy to choose any seat on any car in the coaster train. Use the computer's mouse to change the line of sight and angle of vision. NoLimits 2 is the world's most comprehensive roller coaster simulation, with results so realistic that professional designers like John Wardley use NoLimits 2 to create and test designs for physical roller coasters. Roller coaster manufacturers including Vekoma Rides Manufacturing B.V., The Gravity Group, Inc., Great Coasters International, Inc., Premier, Inc., Maurer Söhne GmbH, Intamin A.G. and others have used NoLimits for purposes including layout, design and integration, visualization and marketing.NoLimits Roller Coaster Simulation 2 is the ultimate roller coaster simulation, hands down. Don't believe us? Just ask the pros.Features Designed for multi-core CPUs and next generation graphics Realistic roller coaster physics Integrated park editor Everything realtime! Oculus Rift CV1 and Development Kit 2 support (Runtime 1.3 required) HTC Vive support (using OpenVR) 40 different coaster styles including 4D, Spinning, Wooden, Wing, Flying, Inverted & Suspended Lots of included scenery objects including animated flat rides and trees Shuttle coasters Switches and transfer tracks Different worn levels to simulate aging Different rail type More than one train at the same time More than one coaster in the same park Dual stations Duelling coasters using synchronized stations Custom spline positions relatively to track Backwards running train option Block sections Realitistic control of brakes Animated brakes, wheels, lifts, harnesses, gates, etc. Intelligent track spline options Complex support structure design Different camera perspectives: onboard, free, target, fly-by Special walk mode (with collision detection) Choose your seat, car, train and coaster Mouse simulates head moving Advanced terrain engine Next generation graphics with normal mapping, specular mask, reflections and realtime shadows Lens flare effect Volumetric light and fog effects Depth-of-field effect Weather effects Dynamic sky with Day-Night-Cycle 3D Surround Sound using OpenAL Environmental Audio Effects (Reverb inside tunnels etc.) Integrated environment editor to change skybox, and background Lots of shipped demo environments (high mountains, flat background) Integrated scripting language Shipped with demo objects and scripts Import of DAE, 3DS, or LWO files for custom scene objects Integrated light pattern creator tool for generating animated light textures Water splash effect for coasters with water scoops (dive coaster, staggered hyper coaster) Integrated Formula track element language Integrated Force vector track element designer Package file export High quality video export with perfect frame timing Lots of included parksPlease note that the Steam Edition of NoLimits 2 is identical to the Standard Edition of NoLimits 2.Restrictions in Free Demo Demo can be used for 15 days only Only 4 coaster styles available in demo Only 3 demo parks Very limited park saving in demo (tracks with up to 10 vertices only) No video recording in demo No screenshots						