
							About This Game
							The World of Subways 1 line is going from New York beneath the Hudson-River to Newark. The original route is almost equally split in underground and above ground sections. Coming with excellent graphics this simulator also puts a lot of emphasis on original physics of the train and wagons.Route mapThe New York Path Route, approx 50 kilometers long, connects the states of New Jersey and New York . More than 40 % of the route is above ground.Complete Feature ListHere´s what you can expect from the forthcoming THE PATH New York Underground" route of "World of Subways". A feature list to be exited about.Animated display monitors at stations.Random animated persons at stationsRealistic shift service to schedule.Incident options which can happen during shift service.Intelligent and custom announcementsPassenger volume dependend on time if day.Simulation of wear and tear caused by style of operation (can be selected via options)Extensive scoring system, adding to the excitement and fun.Custom setting of destination display during operations.Opening doors to be seen from either inside or outside, controlled by the playerDoors can be openend seperately. Options are the doors on the right and left side of the train. Of course you can also open both sides at the same time.Break Spark - Spaces in between the live rails can produce break sparks on the current collectors which can be seen as lightning flashes and which can also be heard. This is best to be seen in a tunnel as the tunnel walls will be lit for a split second when this happens.Train vibration – as soon as the train starts moving, vibrations will take effect on the train.Train swings – The train will start swinging the higher the speed. You will especially get this kind of feel in the cab. Hard braking will also produce this effect and the train will still be in a swinging motion when it has come to a full stop.Configurable key commands – The player can freely configure keys to his liking. He can for instance configure the key for the brake lever wherever he wants.3D – Cockpit with rotatable camera – allowing the player to look around. By using a key stroke the view angle will be centered again.Free movement inside the train – While the train is stationary at a station you will have the option to switch to an ego perspective inside the passenger car. You can move by using keyboard commands, view angles can be controlled with the mouse.Free movement on the station – you can get off the train at any station and move around (ego perspective). There will also be some missions starting on the platform of a station. The player will have to walk into to the train, into the cab which is seperated from the passenger area by a door.Changing of cabs at a terminus – sometimes you will have to change the cabs during a mission. You will have to do this at Hoboken at the weekends when shift operation is active. The train driver has to leave the cab, the train and then walk along the platform to the other end. He then gets into the train and cab again to prepare for departure.Realistic lighting on the trains – Pixel lighting allows a correct display of the amount of light. You probably know what it looks like when thinking of a flashlight shining agains a wall. Pixel lighting allows the display of such lighting effects as can already be seen in some ego shooter games. This effect will amaze you when driving at night or through a tunnel.PhysicsThe physics have been developed considering the real life physics and as used on training simulators. It also contains the vibrating of parts of the 3D cockpit and the movement of the carriage in relation to its speed and brake power. Another plus in terms of realism is the turning angle inside the cab.GraphicsThe developed simulator is based on a modern 3D- engine. It is therefor possible to calculate and use real time lighting in the tunnel systems by using the numerous lights available.TML-Studios also use various shader – models. In the following screenshot you can see details of a track on the outside view. You can clearly see the 3 dimensional gravel which have been created through Parallax – Mapping. In addition a Specular - Map shows the realistic shining effect of the gravel.Switchable Motion – Blur evokes a fascinating feel for speed.Riding through a tunnel you will see how the lights will take effect on the cockpit. If the cockpit is at a tunnel light it will be directly lit. A few seconds later the cockpit is dark again. To get a better impression you can see three cuboids which simulate the cockpit in motion.The front one is at a tunnel light and gets a full beam from the tunnel lamp.The second cuboid is out of reach of the radius of the lighting. The third cuboid reaches another light and is set alight again.SoundThe Subway Simulator will have a high definition 3D Sound. A special technique has been used for recording the sounds. The recording microphones were placed at the same distance as the human ear during recordings. This ensures a very realistic sound atmosphere when using earphones.Don`t miss to visit the official TML-Studios website at: http://www.world-of-subways.com						