
							About This Game
							Zombies Monsters Robots (ZMR) is the ultimate shooter playground, delivering more game modes, maps, and enemies than you can pull a trigger at. Take on an endless variety of freakish enemies in co-op campaigns and wave-based survival modes or go head-to-head against players in classic and unique PvP matches.Play through a wide variety of maps delivering intense co-op gameplay in teams of up to eight players: Assault–Stake out a position and make strategic use of cover as you take on waves of increasingly difficult soldiers and robots.Kill Every Thing–Zombies and monsters flood the area, and it’s your job to kill every thing! Board up doors and windows to slow their progress, and take 'em out to collect points. Spend points on ammo, weapon chests, and environmental traps found across the map. Make it to the final wave on harder difficulties to encounter an epic boss fight!Operations–Plow through mini-campaigns spanning a variety of locales including a centipede-infested underground mine, a trap-filled Egyptian crypt, a rogue nuclear submarine, and more!Threshold Defense–In this twist on tower defense, up to five players team up to prevent oncoming enemies from escaping through a portal on the map. Kill enemies to earn points to spend on activating traps, using teleporters, and mounting turrets. You can even unlock a mobile mech suit!See how you stack up against other players in a variety of PvP modes: Mercs vs. Monsters–Become the monster in this freaky competitive mode! Choose your class and get kills to unlock increasingly deadly tiers of playable mercs and monsters, each with their own unique abilities and play-style. Play as a zombie dog, a stealthy witch, a hulking mech, or even a demonic emperor. Mercs vs. Monsters features more than 20 playable classes!Classic PvP–Face off with up to 16 players in classic competitive modes like Team Deathmatch, Elimination, Demolition, and King of the Hill. Ranked Ladders–Take part in season-based ranked ladder matches to win rare in-game prizes!Corporations (Clans)–Create or join a corporation and work together to climb the ranks of the corporation leaderboard.Win, buy, or earn a deadly collection of weapons, mods, and costumes to keep you kicking ass and looking good while doing it: Rank up your character to unlock new weapons, tech (perks), and gun mods. Earn in-game gold by completing missions to buy new weapons and cosmetic gear in the store.Unlock special weapons and gear in the Shooting Gallery using bullets earned from completing co-op matches. The more you play, the more you win! Unlock all weapons for free in the Shooting Gallery.Regular content updates add new game modes, maps, and gear to ensure there's always something new to kill in ZMR!						