
							About This Game
							Take Command and Secure Victory in the Great War!At the heart of the conflict, when men fought for every inch of land, only visionary leaders could make the choices that would lead their troops to victory. The remarkable sequence of events that inexorably led to the 'Great War' is written in our history books and pictured in our movies. Now a new turn-based strategy game captures this time of war with unprecedented realism, playability and accuracy. Developed by The Lordz Games Studio, Commander - The Great War is the latest release in the popular Commander series to bring the thrill, excitement and challenging decision-making of these difficult times to life. Gamers can enjoy a huge hex based campaign map that stretches from the USA in the west, Africa and Arabia to the south, Scandinavia to the north and the Urals to the east on a new engine that is more efficient and fully supports widescreen resolutions.Commander – The Great War features a Grand Campaign covering the whole war from the invasion of Belgium on August 5, 1914 to the Armistice on the 11th of November 1918 in addition to 16 different unit types including Infantry, Cavalry, Armoured Cars and Tanks, Artillery, Railroad Guns and Armoured Trains and more!For generals looking to test their mettle against other players, Slitherine’s revolutionary play by e-mail system will also bring a whole new level of excitement in Multiplayer battles while simultaneously offering near limitless replayability!  The game is now also available on iPad! The iOS version packs the same great gameplay and allows you to challenge PC owners in cross-platform multiplayer!Commander - The Great War is not anymore officially supported by the developer. The last patch is from 2015. A few glitches might be encountered.FeaturesA huge hex-based campaign map that stretches from the USA in the west, Africa and Arabia to the south, Scandinavia to the north and the Urals to the east.5 Grand Campaigns, each starting in a different year of the war, at the start of a historical offensive: 1914 The Great War, 1915 Ypres Artois, 1916 The Battle of Verdun, 1917 The Nivelle Offensive and 1918 The Kaiserschlacht.Over 40 unique historical and what-if events triggered by conditions on the campaign-map.18 different unit types including Infantry, Cavalry, Armoured Cars and Tanks, Artillery, Railroad Guns and Armoured Trains, Cruisers, Submarines and Battleships, Fighters, Bombers and Airships. Each has its own strengths and weaknesses, based on their historical performance in the various theatres throughout the war.Attach historical Commanders to your units. Each has their own specific strengths, so decide wisely which Commander is most suited to which front. Three types of Commanders are available: Generals for ground units, Admirals at sea and flying Aces to strengthen your air units.Invest in research and technology to improve your units. Aircraft evolve from fragile tools of aerial observation to deadly ground and air attack planes. Artillery barrages become ever more accurate and powerful. Or focus on Armour technology and unleash a dreadful new weapon on the battlefield: the Tank.Detailed and realistic combat that models supply, morale, terrain, leadership, equipment, training and fog of war.Multiplayer via Slitherines revolutionary PBEM++ server system.Easy to learn, hard to master game play.An all new engine, supporting any display resolution from 1024x600 upwards and includes full wide screen support.Extreme moddability using the Lua scripting language, allowing players to alter many aspects of gameplay including combat, research, unit statistics, terrain effects and many more						