
							About This Game
							The old Empire is crumbling. Younger hungrier realms wait like vultures for their chance to pick at the carcass. Thus begins the grand campaign of Sovereignty.Rule your realm wisely and decisively. Play as the Boruvian Empire and try to recapture former Imperial glories. Or play any of 34 other realms, each with their own rich history, culture and play-style.Play as different cultures and races: Humans, Orcs, Elves, Dwarves and Undead. Guide your people to glory and prosperity. The challenges you are going to face are intimately linked to the faction you select and the geography of your location in the world. Whether you build a wealthy kingdom or become a famous conqueror, your subjects will expect you to make the right diplomatic and economic decisions. Do you covet a precious resource produced by your neighbor? Try sending an agent to negotiate a trade deal… or your army to seize this key region. Spies, treaties and solid alliances can prove powerful weapons. But when words fail, answer with steel and blood. Raise mighty armies. Recruit legendary heroes. Research powerful spells. And if you’re ready to get your hands dirty, you can even take direct command of your troops on the battlefield in the tactical mode!By wisely combining soft and hard power, you too can realize your ambitions and reign supreme over all others.Are you ready to plant your flag in Sovereignty?Main Features35 factions with specific races, traits, heroes and units for a unique play-style and challenge in every game.Campaign modes, plus unique storyline campaigns crafted along the story of your faction.Resources, Trade and Landmarks enrich the basic economy of a realm.Conduct covert actions to spy on your enemies: badmouth them or improve your image in the eyes of others.Learn new magical spells and use them to gain advantage or trick your opponents.Lead your armies directly on the field and take advantage of terrain to outsmart enemy troops.Use your hero ability at a key moment to swing the tide of a battle.Veteran units can gain experience and unlock new skills.Mod tools included! Create your own mods, or download mods shared by others.						