
							About This Game
							Chess 2: The Sequel is the next step in the evolution of chess tuned for more viable options, strategic interest, and years and years of expert play.There are six armies to choose from, each with their own abilities and unique flavor: Classic: The original army from classic chess and the only army with a queen. Two Kings: Two warrior kings with a powerful attack and extra move. Empowered: Bishops, knights, and rooks gain each other's movement powers when adjacent. Animals: A wild mix of atypical attacks that are difficult to defend against. Nemesis: Focused attack on the enemy king for those who prefer checkmates. Reaper: Haunted army with teleportation and immortality.The 21 matchups and 36 opening books reward strategy and positional play from the very first move, not rote memorization.If you cross the midline of the board with your king (midline invasion), you win. This makes for faster, more dynamic, and more aggressive games while eliminating the draw problem that plagues high-level chess.Features Online multiplayer with competitive ranked matchmaking Designed and balanced by master game designer David Sirlin Six armies to choose from, midline invasion, and dueling A pleasant, cohesive experience fit for the "Game of Kings" Beautiful and unique 2D and 3D piece sets for every army Play asynchronously in Correspondence mode with 11 days per move for Chess 2 on the go. Live matches have 25 minutes Fischer time with 15 second increment. Cross platform play with OUYA.What people have been saying about Chess 2: The Sequel"Chess 2 is more like Chess than Chess. That’s a good sequel.", "it’s actually pretty damn good" - Kotaku"Precision-honed but gleefully inventive." - Eurogamer"Open up a whole new realm of chess" - BigSushi"Honestly, I don’t think I’ll ever play chess again- and it used to be something I quite enjoyed. But now I can’t see any context in which I wouldn’t just rather play Chess 2." - Scanline Media"The visual design is gorgeous and shows a loving attention to detail" - Indie Statik						