
							About This Game
							Blackguards 2 is a turn-based strategy-RPG and will deliver challenging hexfield battles and a gritty story filled with violence and crime.Choose your playstyle: no matter if front line combat monster, mage or ranged fighter it's in your hands how you want to develop your character. Every action has consequences, so make your decisions wisely. Death may be just around the corner.Three years have passed since Count Uria´s plots. The Vanquishers of the Nine Hordes long parted ways but life in Aventuria went on. Cassia, a young woman of noble descent, has only one goal: She wants to claim the Shark Throne, no matter the price; and be it only for one day. Unfortunately, there are two problems that potentially foil her plans. First of all, she spends her days incarcerated in a dungeon and secondly, there is already a man on her throne: Marwan. She is neither fond nor proficient in matters of diplomacy or politics, so she chooses a more... practical approach. She intends to break out of prison and overthrow Marwan to claim the throne herself. For this, she needs strong allies. She needs to recruit an army of Sellswords and rally the Vanquishers of the Nine Hordes around her. Sounds like a solid plan, doesn't it? But then again, how cunning must one be to escape the dungeon's walls; and how reckless must one be to gather and command the worst scum of the realms? Recruit mercenaries, find upgrades and build an indomitable armyFind the Vanquishers of the Nine Hordes and see what has become of Takate, Naurim and ZurbaranA story with many twists and turns, fateful decisions and more than 20 challenging hours of playtime awaits youCommand up to 20 characters in your party and lead them to death or gloryMaster and finish the game on many different non-linear pathsMake decisions influencing your squad and the ending of the gameChoose your spells, talents and skills wisely, since they dictate your strategy on the battlefield. Give priority to offensive or tactic in challenging battlesInteract with your environment and let walls collapse or even discover new routes on your journey through AventuriaLay waste to your enemies with powerful spells and abilities. But be on your guard: your foes may wield them as well						