
							About This Game
							With this game we try to challenge the player to finish the entire game with only 3 continues.There are no save points so you have to make the entire run in one go.If you have friends (Or the internet) you can share cheat codes to skip some levels, but don't forget you will not get the maximum amount of points and maybe not able to unlock certain achievements using cheat codes. The choice is yours.With this game we're trying to get back to the old retro gaming age. Of course back in the time we didn't had Steam and it's awesome features, so it's not completely back to the retro gaming age.We try to make the game challenging as possible. Easy to learn to play, but you will need some skill to complete the game, because the further you get in the game, the harder the challenges will be. At some point you will have less vision, or maybe you're Blob will be upside-down.Paying homage to games from the earliest days of video gaming, Blob From Out of Space is easy to play, but difficult to complete 2D side scroller. Blob is flying through space when his UFO gets shot down by a rocket and crash lands on an unknown planet. Blobs brother is promptly captured by the planets evil leader and it's up to Blob to save him and to escape from the planet. How the game plays is up to you. Each decision opens up a new path. Collecting diamonds opens up more choices, but with them comes addition risk. With only 3 continues available and no save, risk is a bad thing! Discovered a cheat? Share it with your friends, but use a cheat and you won’t get the maximum number of points. The choice is yours. This game has:Controller support Local Co-op Trading cards Achievements Special Blob powersTransform into enemies Stick powers - slow down enemies Wall jumping - jump against walls and jump again to reach places you were never able to reach without wall jumpingTo make the game more challenging during the story we will be adding new gameplay features every update.Gameplay features:Over 100 levels including Dark levels (play with only a small amount of the screen visible); Vehicles levels (drive/fly a vehicle and avoid explosions and bombs); Underwater levels (no jumping, but watch out for water creatures) Great learning curve Mini games - Diamond Rush and Retro Blob (Puzzle game) Challenge your friends in YOLO Mode Play with friends in local co-op mode Relaxing game modes:Diamond RushRetro Blob (Puzzle game)Based on community feedback, we will be delivering regular updates including upside-down levels.						