
							About This Game
							Battle of Empires :1914-1918 is a story driven RTS, that re-lives some of the bloodiest battles of “The Great War”. The missions include some of the most fearsome weaponary employed of the period. Sabotage, stealth, trench warfare, gas attacks, artillery and mobile infantry - BoE has it all!Battle of Empires 1914-1918 - is a massively imposing RTS set in the height of World War I. At the moment, the full version of the game includes 6 storyline campaigns and developers continue to craft new ones.Each campaign reveals particular combat features of the Great War, as well as showing the staggering combat paths of each participating country.The campaigns can be played solo, as well as in cooperative mode. Moreover, the most experienced players can join the multiplayer battles, with 6 playable nations and a variety of game modes.In addition, several multiplayer historical reconstructions portraying some of the collosal battles of the First and Second World War are available as a gift.Gameplay is similar to other Men of War based titles, with the ability to control your men, at divisional, squad and soldier levels.The graphics have been developed to show the beauty and horrors of The Great War.So what are you waiting for soldier? The battlefeild awaits your command!We have provided a flexible purchasing system that allows you to choose the optimal configuration of BoE, at a reasonable price according to your gaming style and budget. This allows you to enhance the base game with additional content by purchasing DLC’s individually, or as a bundle.Features:realismThe game recreates battles of First World War as realistically as possible - each unit has a personal inventory and weapons, vehicle damage is calculated by the thickness and inclination of armour, guns differ in calibers and available types of shells. Authenticity Our game recreates the atmosphere of the era of the First World War - uniforms and vehicles were made from sketches and drawings of the time of the World War I, game maps are based on real locations of hostilities. Gas attacks, shrapnel shells, horses, involvement of first tanks and flamethrowers, and many other features of the First World War have been implemented in the game. Tactics The basis of gameplay of the Battle of Empires is management of your infantry squads, organisation of their cooperation and skillful use of the vehicles provided to you. You will have to solve complex tactical problems with different possible outcomes, that can change the course of the mission. Game environment can also be used to your advantage - all objects can be destroyed to create a path for infantry or used as a cover from enemy fire. Co-op Each story mission is available in cooperative mode - you can fight and complete the missions with three other players (4 including yourself).						