
							About This Content
							The MiG-21bis is a delta wing, supersonic, fighter-interceptor jet aircraft. Much like the AK-47 became the everymans' rifle, the MiG-21 has been operated by more than 40 countries worldwide, and has enjoyed the longest production run of any modern jet fighter to date. The MiG-21, in all of its' variants, has fought in wars stretching all the way from the Vietnam War in the 1960's to the modern day Syrian Civil War.  Owing to it's unique blend of versatility, ruggedness and maintainability, the MiG-21 remains in active service to this very day. Initially designed as a pure-bred interceptor, the MiG-21 has over the years evolved into a hybrid multirole aircraft. In addition to a vast Air-to-Air arsenal, it can effectively employ unguided rockets, bombs and radar-guided missiles to destroy ground or naval targets.Leatherneck Simulations' recreation of the MiG-21 is, by far, the most accurate and comprehensive simulation of a supersonic jet fighter to date. The fully simulated systems, interactive cockpit, advanced flight modeling and incredible graphical fidelity come together to create a package that will provide you with the most authentic simulation possible. So strap in, and get ready to experience the rebirth of a legend.The DCS: MiG-21 plugs in seamlessly into the modular DCS: World framework, allowing you to fly the MiG-21 in a dynamic, fully realized combat environment, with and against capable air and ground threats. This module ships with Training and Singleplayer missions, as well as a fully realized Singleplayer Campaign.Key Features of the DCS: MiG-21BisIncredibly detailed flight physics, utilizing an advanced component based simulation system.Highly detailed, six-degrees-of-freedom cockpit with extremely detailed textures.Fully interactive and animated cockpit. Use your mouse to control levers, switches and knobs!Fully modeled avionics and weapons suites – exactly as they appear and operate in the real MiG-21.Highly detailed exterior model and textures, with advanced suspension and afterburner animations.Unique and Custom weapons, including the RN-24 and -28 Nuclear bombs!Incredibly detailed simulation of the MiG-21's hydraulic, electrical, engine, weapons and fuel systems and applicable subsystems.Full Singleplayer Campaign spanning dozens of missions.Fully interactive, guided and narrated tutorials, helping you quickly and efficiently learn how to operate the MiG-21.181 Page illustrated manual, detailing every system and procedure of the aircraft.ABOUT DCS WORLDDigital Combat Simulator World (DCS World) is a free-to-play digital battlefield, focusing on military aircraft simulation. It includes a FREE TF-51D and an Su-25T attack aircraft. DCS World includes a vast mission area of the Caucasus region that encompasses much of Georgia - the location of the 2008 conflict. Further maps will be available in 2014. Additionally, DCS World includes: Powerful mission and campaign editors Multiplayer Massive inventory of air, land and sea combat units and weapons Advanced AI Fast mission generator Dynamic weather and seasons Training missions Mission replay system Pilot log bookThis exceptionally detailed and realistic world simulation engine guarantees an engaging, real-world combat experience in this flashpoint region. DCS is a true "sandbox" simulation that can and will cover multiple time periods covering many types of aircraft and ground vehicles. DCS World allows both realistic game play and more casual play styles to suit the player. Download DCS World for free from: www.dcs-world.comAbout Leatherneck SimulationsLeatherneck Simulations is a small, but passionate group of flight simulation developers, with a core development team consisting of Game, Visual FX and Film industry veterans. After three years of development, our maiden project: the DCS: MiG-21bis will launch. So strap in and join us as we venture into a new era of flight simulation.For more information, please visit: www.leatherneck-sim.com						