
							About This Content
							Many in Maj'Eyal have heard of "demons", sadistic creatures who appear seemingly from nowhere, leaving a trail of suffering and destruction whereever they go.  Their Fearscape floats far above the skies, watching and waiting, but not idly; their agents scout the land, their legions build up their forces, and their scholars develop new spells and strategies.  As the barrier between our worlds begins to crack under their scrutiny, helpless Eyalites have begun to disappear, whisked up to serve as their slaves and playthings.  They imbue these victims with magical powers to better survive the ensuing stresses - can you use your new-found abilities to escape the legions of Mal'Rok?Start with a new class, the Doombringer!  These avatars of demonic destruction charge into battle with massive two-handed weapons, cutting swaths of firey devastation through hordes of opponents.  Armed with flame magic and demonic strength, they delight in fighting against overwhelming odds, softening up the crowd with waves of fire, then feeding on the flames and suffering of their surroundings to stay alive while quickly reducing any group to a pile of ash and gore.Unlock a new class, the Demonologist, with an all-new item enhancement mechanic!  Bearing a shield and the magic of the Spellblaze itself, these melee-fighting casters can grow demonic seeds from their fallen enemies.  Imbue these seeds onto your items to gain a wide array of new talents and passive benefits, and summon the demons within them to fight on your side!  Ever looked at a gigantic demon-cursed minotaur and wished it was on your side for once?  Well, now you CAN summon one to pound your foes into paste while you cast devastating spells from afar, or call forth a squad of Fire Imps to pelt your enemies to death while they exhaust themselves on your impenetrable defenses!  Demons have persistent health, making them a little more precious than disposable necromancer skeletons or summoner beasts, but can be revived from death nonetheless.Two new zones, with all-new art, foes, and bosses!  You've seen the plains of the Fearscape before, now see the lairs and headquarters of the demons themselves!Over 10,000 words of written lore to find!  The demons were once an enlightened, peaceful race, hailing from a distant planet known as Mal'Rok; learn what drove them to plot Eyal's eternal torture!  Discover monuments to each of the demonic species and noteworthy individuals, showing the place of honor each has among them!  Get a glimpse into the culture and daily lives of these sadistic invaders and their brainwashed thralls!Unlock a new race, Doomelves: Shalore who've taken to the demonic alterations especially well, corrupting their typical abilities into a darker form.  Blink away to safety, transform into a shadowy dúathedlen to hide in the shadows or prey on your foes with blasts of darkness, use your new resilience to soak up status effects and critical hits, and assault your enemies' minds to leave them unsteady in combat!Between the aforementioned classes and Doomelves, a whopping 75 new talents!Unlock two new cosmetic options!  You know you've always wanted demon-horns.  Two new events, appearing anywhere in Eyal!20 new artifacts, with unique and interesting effects.  Collect the Obsidian Treasures to amass more and more power!  Slip your hands into the Will of Ul'Gruth and watch your sweeping blows smash down walls!  Wear a giant hideous hell-mouth as a fashionable belt!7 new achievements!  Conquer the worst Urh'Rok's forces can throw at you, and hang their metaphorical skulls from your profile page!						