
							About This Content
							Developed in the years immediately following World War II, the MiG-15bis was a first-generation jet fighter designed by the Mikoyan-Gurevich design bureau of the Soviet Union. The MiG-15bis is a single engine, swept-wing jet that saw over 15,000 copies produced. The MiG-15 gained fame in the skies over Korea where it battled the F-86 Sabre and other allied aircraft. It proved an excellent match to the Sabre, and it often came down to the skill of the pilot that determined who made it home and who was left dangling from a parachute. Having an excellent thrust-to-weight ratio and good climbing characteristics, the MiG-15bis was also armed with two NR-23 23mm cannons and a single, powerful N-37 37mm cannon. Not surprisingly, it is considered by many as one of the deadliest fighters of the era.Key Features of the DCS: MiG-15bis:Unmatched flight physics that allow you to truly feel what it's like to fly this legend of the USSR.Highly detailed, six-degrees-of-freedom (6 DOF) cockpit. Interact with cockpit controls with your mouse.Accurate MiG-15bis model, country markings, and weapons.Detailed modelling the MiG-15bis instruments, weapons, engine, radios, fuel, and electrical systems.Battle DCS: F-86F Sabre’s in single and multiplayer games.ABOUT DCS WORLDDigital Combat Simulator World (DCS World) is a free-to-play digital battlefield game, focusing on a military aircraft, ground unit, and naval simulation. It includes a FREE TF-P1D Mustang and a Su-25T attack aircraft. DCS World includes a vast mission area of the Caucasus region that encompasses much of Georgia - the location of the 2008 conflict. Further maps will be available in 2015. Additionally, DCS World includes: Powerful mission and campaign editors Multiplayer Massive inventory of air, land and sea combat units and weapons Advanced AI Fast mission generator Dynamic weather and seasons Mission replay system Pilot log bookThis all allows the creation of engaging, real-world combat missions in this flashpoint region. DCS is a true "sandbox" simulation that can and will cover multiple time periods covering many types						