
							About This Game
							Grab your friends because we've done something a little different here at Four Lights. This is a Tower Defense but its not your dad's tower defense... well it kind of is but I'll explain that in a moment. The first thing you need to know is that Defenders of time is fast so rule #1 is don't stop spending. Don't ever stop spending. Don't worry if you made a mistake you can always resell your towers and get all of your money back. Yeah every cent. Yes that's 100% resell. Yes its a Tower Defense. No that doesn't make the DoT easy. Hold on; stop asking me questions let me explain. The Defenders of Time demo gives you unlimited access to try Single Player for free! The best part of our demo is anyone that purchased Defenders of Time can invite you to their games and you can check out multiplayer! The way it works is every person who paid for Defenders of Time can invite up to 3 other players at any time to join their Ranked or Custom matches.  Defenders of Time was developed from the ground up as a multi-player game which means:-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------As many as 8 players can play 4v4. More importantly only one of you needs to buy the game. everyone else can pitch in for pizza. (WHAT?!)Players all have the same abilities except the commander who focuses on balancing defense and offense. Players win and lose as a team. There is no MVP so don't be selfish. Jimbob42 needs that tower on the right so HELP HIM. The game is fast. Use the 'R' key. Shortcuts are your friends... also they will make you popular... and get you dates.  I'm a huge fan of weird food at odd times. There is a lot to do. See fast above and dynamic below. DoT is dynamic. You will be destroyed, annihilated, obliterated and humiliated if you hold onto those green towers as air zips overhead so don't. We already talked about 100% sell.Kittens make up half of the internet, Doge makes up the other half, and rule 34 makes up the other other half. We've got built in mic support and we've got selective mute. Where do you adjust this you ask? In game. You don't have time to dig through menus. well I don't at any rate.  Don't forget to draw! Hold shift and move your mouse. Five years from now... Remember you saw it here first.  We made sharing money easy. Don't panic. Someone might know what to do. Co-op only is a thing. Just make a team in custom games and don't populate the other side. We've got six insanely repayable multi-player maps right now. That's five more than football has and five more than most mobas have. More are coming soon because the art team wants to explore all of space and time... Don't feel bad about bugging Corey (AKA Dession on Steam). He's our lead tester and he loves talking to you guys. So do I for that matter. -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------So, back to the part about this not being your dad's tower defense. That's somewhat true. The less true part of that statement is that we looked long and hard at the old tower defenses like Wintermaul Wars and Ark TD and said we want to make something like that but better balanced , with more maps, and with art that really fits.If you want to invite someone who doesn't own the game just have them download the demo which will be on steam shortly or directly from our site and have them sign up for an account and in the upper right hand corner of the game just add them as a friend and click invite next to their name and poof they have full access to the game without buying it so long as you're playing with them.Signed, -Director Flury / Sir (God I wish my team would just call me John.)						