
							About This Game
							Stuck deep in the Congo jungle, you and your teammates are hunted by packs of demons lurking in the darkest areas. Light is your friend in this hostile environment. Scavenge equipment and utilize good teamwork to secure your route of escape in this top-down co-op horror action game.The jungle is full of surprises. As you explore towns, rivers, caves and more it is essential that you keep a close eye on your surroundings for the demons that are stalking your every move, waiting for the ideal opportunity to take you out for good. Make sure to stay in groups, or you could be out of luck!Key Features in CongoWork together as a team, play with up to 4 playersIn Congo, it is important to work as a team to survive the dark jungle with up to 4 players. Watch each others backs to stop the demons from taking yours, and share your supplies to keep everyone in fighting fit order.Light is your friend, demons lurk in the darknessThe demons in the jungle have become used to the dark, foggy environment of the Congo jungle. The light scares them and you can use this to your advantage. There are many old buildings around, but after years of neglect, you’ll need to find some fuel to keep the lights on and make a much needed rest point. In the mean time, some flares and flashlights will keep the demons at bay for a while, just beware of what lurks behind you. Some of the demons are small and fast, be wary of these as they could knock you off your feet at any moment. Others are large and strong, make sure you don’t get hit by one of these, or it could cost you dearly.Immerse yourself in a deep and hostile environmentThe jungle is packed with many interesting places. Each map contains many hidden interesting locations that you can find if you dare venture out into the jungle. Congo makes the most of the Unreal Engine 4 to provide these locations with 6 Objective maps and 16 defense maps.Extensive ArsenalThe jungle was heavily militarized before the demons ran over the place. As such, you can find a wide variety of different guns waiting for you to use them in your escape. There are also a variety of items to help you blow up rocks, set up improvised traps and open locked gates.Hone your skillsEach time you play Congo, you will learn something new to help you survive more easily next time. You will also gain valuable experience that will help make your character faster at reloading, survive longer, open gates quicker and much more. As you play through the game you will gain access to a selection of items that you can start with.						