
							About This Game
							Experience a fairytale world of breathtaking sceneries and face a myriad of physics-based puzzles, wonderful contraptions, dangerous foes and enchanting creatures.Trine 3: The Artifacts of Power is a platforming game of action, puzzles and adventure, and the sequel to the award winning Trine and Trine 2. Reunite with the familiar heroes - Pontius the Knight, Amadeus the Wizard and Zoya the Thief in an all-new adventure, now for the first time in full 3D!Playable in single-player or in co-up with up to three players, both locally or online.Amadeus the Wizard, Pontius the Knight, and Zoya the Thief have slowly come to the conclusion that having their lives commandeered by a powerful magical artifact is not a desirable state of existence on a permanent basis.The heroes try to return their extraordinary gifts to the Artifact called Trine, and so they meddle with powers beyond their understanding: Trine shatters and a heartless ancient sorcerer escapes. With only a broken artifact to guide them, the heroes must try and repair the damage they've caused... or the damage that might yet be done.A married wizard and father of triplets, Amadeus can summon mystical boxes and move obstacles with his spells. Perhaps he is not the most skilled or fearsome of wizards, but the heroes rely on Amadeus on all things concerning magic and legends. Amadeus has always liked adventures more in theory rather than in practice, preferring the fame and tales of his deeds to the actual doing of said deeds, which often deprive him of naps and holidays with his family.The brave protector of the realm with a big heart, Pontius is a champion to anyone in need, regardless of their station. Pontius was knighted by the King himself, and he has a red cape to prove it! He is a frontline hero who is always going headlong first into battle with his trusty shield and sword. In addition to passionately fighting on the side of Goodness and Justice, Pontius has an equal love for good food and drink, and dreams of one day settling down on a simple farm, where he could protect his corner of the world, while growing enormous potatoes and pumpkins. And eat pie.Clever and elusive, Zoya gets in and out of tricky situations all the time. She brings her bow and arrows to a fight, but she also has a grappling hook that can be useful in various thiev... situations. Zoya appreciates all the adventures she has had with with Trine, due to all the trinkets she's been able to collect on the way, but she is becoming anxious to get back on her own. Being on call for Trine is nowhere near as thrilling as her old life as a purveyor of rare and precious items.Online and Local Co-opUp to three players can play online and local co-up. Any mix is possible (for example 2 local, 1 online) and you can switch from singleplayer to multiplayer and vice versa. Play with your Steam friends and explore the secrets together!The Lost PagesThe ultimate test to your skills, the Lost Pages feature the most incredible contraptions, character-driven design, and ridiculous puzzles. Are you skilled enough to unlock all the Lost Pages?SoundtrackAward-winning composer Ari Pulkkinen returns for an amazing fantasy soundtrack!Fantastic FantasyAdventure through breathtakingly beautiful landscapes in an enchanting fairytale world, and for the first time ever explore the Trine world in a full 3D setting, allowing you to go check out all the nooks and crannies that have been so alluring in the past.Full Language Support for English, French, German, Spanish, Russian, Japanese, and Brazilian-PortugueseThe game features full language support for English, French, German, Spanish, Russian, Japanese, and Brazilian-Portuguese (voice + subtitles on/off), and an additional number of languages for subtitles.						