
							About This Content
							Whether it's zombie hordes or a Dominion invasion force, you'll always have the right tool for the job when you load out with this gear! The Crowd Control pack contains:
HazMat Commando Costume (Permanent)–Modern science doesn't yet know exactly what causes the zombie plague—so why take chances? Male and female versions included.E-ZK Corpse Caller (Permanent)–This special grenade lures zombies, then explodes them into icky bits. Attracts undead enemies in Kill Every Thing, Paranormal Ops, and Threshold Defense modes. (You can only carry one corpse caller at a time.)M67 Assault Grenade (Permanent)–This simple weapon utilizes a six-step arming and throwing sequence. In other words, pull the pin and throw it as far as you can. Deals additional damage to enemies in Assault, Massive Assault, Assault Ops, and Threshold Defense modes.M870-ZK Shotgun (Permanent)–This specially crafted shotgun is the perfect thing to set zombies ablaze at close range. Deals additional damage in Kill Every Thing, Kill Every Thing 2, Paranormal Ops, and Threshold Defense modes.Assault M110 Shotgun (Permanent)–With almost double the magazine capacity of the standard model, this urban combat variant sacrifices none of the damage or accuracy its fans have come to love. Deals additional damage in Assault, Massive Assault, Assault Ops, Extinction Ops, and Threshold Defense modes.Chaingun Turret (×10)–An automated, tripod-mounted sentry gun that fires bullets at a high rate and with long range. Key Card/Loot Case (×5)–Loot cases contain a random item including: permanent and temporary versions of rare Assault and ZK weapons that deal additional damage to certain enemy types in co-operative modes, turrets, temporary tech (passive perks), and revive tokens. Key cards are required to open loot cases. Silver Bullet (×10)–Use to enter the Silver Shooting Gallery and win a special prize! Prizes include revive tokens, megaphones, temporary weapon modifications, temporary tech (passive perks), and weapons normally purchased with gold (in-game currency). Gold Bullet (×5)–Use to enter the Gold Shooting Gallery and win a special prize! Prizes include revive tokens, megaphones, Nightmare difficulty cards, advanced temporary weapon modifications, advanced temporary tech (passive perks), and weapons normally purchased with EMP (real-money currency).Platinum Bullet (×3)–Use to enter the Platinum Shooting Gallery and win a special prize! Prizes include turrets or permanent and temporary versions of rare Assault and ZK weapons that deal additional damage to certain enemy types in co-operative modes.						