
							About This Content
							Kill anything and everything with the Kill Every Thing pack—including Thresher weapons that deal additional damage to all enemy types in co-op modes, and immediate access to "emerald" weapons that are normally high-level unlocks. The Kill Every Thing pack contains:Soldier of Fortune Costume (Permanent)–Get wild in style! If you're going to slay monsters and dinosaurs, you might as well look the part. Male and female versions included.Thresher Impulse Assault Rifle (Permanent)–A plasma rifle that fires explosive balls of energy—great for dealing with crowds and other over-sized reptilian creatures. Deals additional damage to all enemy types in co-operative modes.Thresher Frostbite Sniper Rifle (Permanent)–A sniper rifle with high bullet velocity that has a chance to slow enemies on hit (in co-op modes only). Perfect for stopping the oncoming horde in its tracks! Deals additional damage to all enemy types in co-operative modes.Thresher M23 SMG (Permanent)–Tear through mobs with this high fire-rate submachine gun. Deals additional damage to all enemy types in co-operative modes. This weapon is normally unlocked at level 15. Emerald MP5 SMG (Permanent)–This submachine gun is one of the more popular and accurate weapons in the world. This special emerald version is modifiable and comes with an expanded magazine. This weapon is normally unlocked at level 35. Emerald P90 SMG (Permanent)–The infamous P90 personal defense weapon has an incredible rate of fire and a unique magazine design enabling quick reloading on the run. This special emerald version is modifiable and comes with an expanded magazine. This weapon is normally unlocked at level 40. Emerald Vector SMG (Permanent)–This compact and instantly recognizable weapon sees heavy use among law enforcement and military organizations. This special emerald version is modifiable and comes with an expanded magazine. This weapon is normally unlocked at level 45. Chaingun Turret (×10)–An automated, tripod-mounted sentry gun that fires bullets at a high rate and with long range.Key Card/Loot Case (×10)–Loot cases contain a random item including: permanent and temporary versions of rare Assault and ZK weapons that deal additional damage to certain enemy types in co-operative modes, turrets, temporary tech (passive perks), and revive tokens. Key cards are required to open loot cases. Silver Bullet (×10)–Use to enter the Silver Shooting Gallery and win a special prize! Prizes include revive tokens, megaphones, temporary weapon modifications, temporary tech (passive perks), and weapons normally purchased with gold (in-game currency). Gold Bullet (×5)–Use to enter the Gold Shooting Gallery and win a special prize! Prizes include revive tokens, megaphones, Nightmare difficulty cards, advanced temporary weapon modifications, advanced temporary tech (passive perks), and weapons normally purchased with EMP (real-money currency).Platinum Bullet (×3)–Use to enter the Platinum Shooting Gallery and win a special prize! Prizes include turrets or permanent and temporary versions of rare Assault and ZK weapons that deal additional damage to certain enemy types in co-operative modes.						