
							About This Content
							Reforged EditionViking Conquest Reforged Edition is a completely free update to all owners of Viking Conquest, which adds a host of new features and content as well as re-balancing and fixing previous issues with the DLC. Play through an all new storyline set in dark, mysterious Ireland, befriend a canine companion and master the art of fighting with the unpredictable Berserker units. Rekindle your passion for Viking warfare and reforge your path in this much improved version.  The Last Tuatha De DanannAll new story, set in dark, mysterious Ireland where nothing is what it seems and truths are hidden...Hofs of the Nordic GodsVisit the holy grounds of the Nordic Gods. Make sacrifices and recruit powerful yet unpredictable Berserker troops into your army.Dog CompanionA loyal canine friend who will stay by your side, even on the battlefield.Start As Leader of a FactionSkip the rise to power and get straight into Reforged Editions expanded kingdom management.Crouching and HuntingFeed your men a better variety of food by hunting wild boar but beware, startle these creatures and they're liable to attack.Working (minigames)Out of luck and out of pennings. Commit yourself to an honest day's work in a quarry, mine or farmstead.New Ambush SystemThere is no greater weapon than the element of surprise; catch your enemies off guard with an ambush attack. Though you must keep your wits about you, or you could be the target of an ambush yourself.Adventuring CompanionsCompanions that leave the player's party from discontent may now strike out on their own as adventurers, gathering their own forces and making their mark on the world.New Quests and Roleplay EventsDiscover assassination plots, interfere in affairs of religion and more with these new sandbox quests.Improved AtmosphereNew ambient sounds and scene contribute to a richer experience in historical Dark Age Britain.New ItemsDozens of new weapons and armours as well as updates to old visuals.BattlesImproved enemy AI, incorporating tactics and formations add a new dimension to battles. Shock troops such as the Berserkir fight like animals but in the heat of battle may not distinguish friend from foe.Kingdom ImprovementsCustomise your kingdom's colour, ransom prisoners to the enemy and raise your peasants as a levy army in times of need.Expanded MultiplayerNew scenes and Raid game mode. Improvements to the UI and additional options for server admins to take control of the invaders in Invasion mode.More ImmersionSpecial player traits and the ability to spread rumours to influence people throughout the land. More lively scenes with domestic animals walking around. Extra information about your companions and the option of a second player outfit for use outside of battle, as well as much more roleplay and many more immersive features.Customise Your Level of Difficulty and GoalsSet your own goals to become an Infamous Raider, Strong King, Beloved Warrior and more. Customise your difficulty options to cater your own experience and challenge.Viking ConquestFrom the creators of the popular “Brytenwalda” mod, “Viking Conquest” is a brand new DLC for Mount & Blade Warband! This single and multi player DLC brings Mount & Blade to historical Dark Age Britain, complemented by authentic scenes and cultures. The DLC features a story mode with a complex plot, where choices have real consequences, as well as a standard sandbox mode in an all new setting, with expanded options and controls. Online battling also takes on its own flavour, with special modes like Coastal Assault and Warlord.Living world that evolves around you, with historical and random events, as well as the actions of the player all contributing.More than 300 new cities, castles, villages and special scenes to discover, explore, conquer and plunder.More than 200 historical characters and 100 extra NPCs: Kings, Lords, Ladies, bards, priests and many others. Meet legendary figures like Ivar the Boneless or his bother Sigurd Snake-in-the-Eye, royalty like Harald, later known as FairHair, or Aelfred of Wessex.A story mode where the player will be part of a complex plot involving political conspiracy, during the time the sons of Ragnar were leading their Great Heathen Army through Britain. An immersive game style with choice and consequence, romance, betrayal, moments of greatness and ruin.A sandbox mode, the classic Mount&Blade system, where goals are determined by the player, but with all the richness and options offered by the new setting.More than 15 possible companions, with deep interaction and different personalities. Sometimes their conflicts will force you to use cunning and diplomacy.A complex religion system with two faiths, The Norse Gods and Christianity, with monasteries, special NPCs and parties. Religion will be a important factor in the game that will affect the player's interactions even within their own party.Naval travel and warfare, a key feature to really make the setting complete.Battles can range from simple robbery to massive naval conflicts between huge fleets laden with warriors, all in dynamic battles where you can pilot your own boat, adjusting for factors such as wind, waves, and weather.The option to build your own refuge, hire staff for it, and populate it with the wives and children of your troops...Detailed siege warfare system, with options to reduce a defender by hunger or morale, or by direct assault. With hard choices, plagues and famines, coastal assaults.						