
							About This Game
							LOOKING TO JUST ENJOY PLAYING HARDLAND? WISHLIST IT!Even if you are familiar with other Early Access games, there is an aspect to Hardland's development that may not be true for other games: we often have to work on game features in isolation from some other features of the game. This means you are not playing with the full feature set of the game until we are finished with the feature and can put things back to together, so parts of THE PLAY EXPERIENCE MAY TEMPORARILY DEGRADE BETWEEN RELEASES.Other than that, the standard Early Access disclaimer applies; before the final release Hardland will contain many rough edges, quests that can't be completed, and game-breaking bugs. We recommend that you only join Early Access with us if you are interested in development or want to support the game. If you don't care all that much for development and are simply looking to enjoy playing, please add Hardland to your wishlist instead of buying it and jump in when we release the finished game.OUR VISION OF HARDLANDPlease note that this describes Hardland as envisioned. The current state of the game you can see from the announcement posts in Steam's Recent Updates.THE WORLDHardland is first and foremost about its world. It is about the towns and their people, the roadside taverns, the paths through its small forests, and the fox chasing the chicken through the fields. You can rest at the campfire, find treasure hidden in the woods and trade with the travelling merchant.The world's layout is unique to you as all of the game's four continents are procedurally generated. Even though important landmarks such as Town of Fortuna, Snow Peak and Elven Citadel are handcrafted, their placement within the world is entirely decided by the procedural generator -- as is the placement of all the paths and roads running between towns, forests that surround the paths, and creatures that inhabit the forests.THE GAMEPLAYExploring. Fighting. Looting. Resting. Healing. Hiding. Discovering. Trading. Questing. Talking. Wearing. Equipping. Transforming. Disguising. Ambushing. Evading. Fleeing. Dying. Retrying.THE SETTINGThe impending death of Elder King spells both uncertainty and opportunity for Hardland. The king's death would leave the land with no ruler and see many notable people around Hardland aspire to the throne. It is at this time that the player finds himself in Hardland, and as others struggle for the throne, the king's court in Root Hall struggles to find a cure to extend their ruler's life.THE COMMUNITYWe are shaping the game with the community of Hardland's Early Access participants. As of 1/2017, the game has received 20+ major updates in Early Access. We discuss each update with the participants after its release where everyone has a chance to provide feedback about how the update changes the game and bring up things we should focus on for the next update.THE DEVSThe development effort of Hardland is led by brothers Kimmo and Timo Vihola. Timo works on game design and art, whereas Kimmo's work is focused on game design and programming. Our team, Mountain Sheep, is best known for the iOS games Minigore, Bike Baron and Death Rally.						