
							About This Content
							Rum and Guns PackThis item pack is designed to suit the needs of the battle class, Maritimers. To redeem the code for item pack, click on the Astro Shop button (Red button with golden star inside upper right of the screen) and click Buy Astros, then paste in the code. Item pack may be picked up from any Bank's Receive Item option after 15 minutes.Please pick up the item pack at any Bank, use the Receive Item button after redemption.Custom Vaisseau – A ship designed for naval combat, wielding tremendous destructive power. The normal version of this ship requires Battle level 52, while this special version only requires Battle level 16. With a durable hull, a large crew, and the capacity for many cannons, it is well suited to the needs of Maritimers.Sword of Inheritance – A sharp sword passed down through the family for generations that is very effective in combat.Marechal Cuirass – A beautifully decorated armor worn by admirals.Scipio's Helmet – A very durable helmet owned by the famous Roman general Scipio, who is known for his brilliant military tactics and his great battle with Hannibal.Shared Storage Long-term Permit - The permit enables all your characters in one account to access a special shared storage through the Storage Supervisor in most towns. Up to 50 items and 5000 tradable goods can be stored. This permit last for 30 days and additional permits may be purchased from the Astro shop in the game.Strongbox Long Term Permit - The permit enables the character to access a special safe box from the personal inventory any time. Up to 30 items can be stored, and items stored cannot be plundered and does not reduce in durability during normal sailing. This permit lasts 30 days and additional permits may be purchased from the Astro shop in the game.Sea King's amulet – It will increase the rate experience gain by 30% for 15 days, so players may level up faster.Wind King's amulet – It will increase the bonus ship speed by 30% for 15 days, so players may sail faster.Flame King's amulet – It will increase the rate of gaining fame by 30% for 15 days, so players may obtain permits faster to enter ports in different areas of the world.3 X Check (100 million) – A total of 300 million ducats worth of tradable checks.  Players may cash checks at the bank once reaching a combined fame of 10,000 or ask to trade with other players for ducats once reaching level 11 in one class.						