
							About This Game
							Super Indie Karts is a classic retro 16-bit style karting game, with Time Trials, Grand Prix, Splitscreen GP, and Battle Modes! The game was KickStarted late in 2014 and is aimed for completion in 2017. You don't have to wait until completion though as you can join in now with Early Access to the Super Indie Karts BETA builds! The BETA currently boasts over 30 characters and 32 tracks to play Single Player or Two Player Splitscreen in Grand Prix mode (and in Mirror Mode) and in Time Trials, and 3 local-multiplayer BattleMode arenas. More play modes, characters, and features will be added as the Early Access weeks drift on by. With one foot firmly in the past, witness authentic '90s hardware limitations such as:  shockingly bad draw distance! incredibly small, almost claustrophobic, tracks! trees and obstacles that pop up 5 yards in front of you! World leading watermelon physics engine! (featuring Blast Processing!) 1992 style screen curvature and motion blur! Indie Game crossovers you know and love, and some you don't yet know you love!More info on the final game:Play as some super Indie Game crossover characters, coming to battle it out around the world in iconic locations or in some super Indie Game themed tracks! It might get a little bumpy out there though as there are plenty of weapons on the track to give you a spin: Melon Cannons, Exploding Pineapples, Melted Gelatos, Heatseeking Loconuts, and 3 different strength Chilli Boosts!Indie Crossovers so far include: - Runbow - Freedom Planet - Teslagrad - Whispering Willows - Fist Of Awesome - Read Only Memories - Lobodestroyo - Canabalt - Duck Game - So Many Me - Toto Temple Deluxe - Aegis Defenders - Adventures Of Pip - Shutshimi - Gentlemen Ricochet - A.R.E.S. - Holobunnies - Clive'N'Wrench - Cross Code - PowerDrive2000 - Guacamelee! - and many more to come! With over 40 tracks to race on, in 3 speed classes, plus mirror mode, there'll also be plenty of achievements and unlocks to keep you drifting and burning pixel rubber 'till the pixelated billboard sun goes down!						