
							About This Game
							"I have chosen my destiny, and it lies here..." - Kyle Katarn			It is five years after Kyle's victory over the seven dark Jedi. Invading Imperial forces advance upon a quiet Rebel outpost, interrupting Kyle's training of a brave new Jedi, Mara Jade. First introduced in Timothy Zahn's award-winning Star Wars novel, Heir to the Empire, Mara Jade blends her past experiences as a one time smuggler and Emperor's Hand with her apprenticeship as a Jedi Knight. Armed with four new weapons and five new Force powers, Mara must secure supplies desperately needed by the New Republic while Kyle, believing it a part of his destiny, pursues the secret treasures shrouded in an ancient Sith temple.			Can the New Republic's boldest female Jedi protect the Rebel base, negotiate with Ka'Pa the Hutt, then ward off a phalanx of enemies?			Will the ancient secrets of the Sith unleash new powers?			Are Kyle and Mara strong enough to resist the temptations of the dark side, or will new entanglements seduce them?			Bring a Whole new game experience to Jedi Knight. Jam-packed features make Mysteries of the Sith a must-have for Jedi Knight fans			New playable character, Mara Jade, introduced first in Timothy Zahn's award-winning Star Wars novel, Heir to the Empire			14 new levels, 13 total locations, including wampa-infested swamps, the foreboding fortress of Ka'Pa the Hutt, and the subterranean catacombs of a temple deep within the planet Drommund Kaas			4 new weapons, including a carbonite gun, repeating blaster cannon, and sniper scope			5 new Force powers, featuring Force Push, Saber Throw, and Force Projection			Over 2 dozen new enemies - gladiator, assassin and torture droids, pirate raiders, creatures of the Sith, and a menacing rancor			3 new multiplayer personalities, with distinct characteristics, weapons and inventory			Plus these new game advances:			Cameras that let you monitor where you are in the heat of battle			Enhanced lighting features, including colored lighting support			A new multiplayer game, Kill the Fool with the Ysalamiri			Choose wisely and May the Force Be With You.						