
							About This Game
							The real-time club simulatorWhat is it? Simple, really…Football Club Simulator gives you total control of your team through an elegant and powerful interface.This means that the player gets to make all the decisions of the Club as Head Coach, Manager, and Chairman.In addition, you can try out your strategy in the “Interactive match” while giving orders to your payers in real-time.A football & strategy videogameLet your inner football strategist out!You realize in just minutes that your decisions are making the difference and you are leading your team to glory. And all this in real-time!1. During the SeasonMake new signings to strengthen the squad or expand the stadium for more ticket sales and revenues.2. Each week in trainingDecide on what tactics to implement and choose the starting eleven…3. CruciallyGive orders to your players in real-time during the match. You’ll love the feeling of being in control that Football Club Simulator offers you.The “Interactive match”Experience the game from the dug-outIn the “Interactive match” you’ll see your players doing what you’ve been working at training sesions during the week and playing to your tactics. And this it´s only the first step of your victory.Most importantly, when the key moment arises, you can give orders to your players in real-time. They’ll instantly carry out, giving you the chance to lead your team to glory.When you make the calls in the “Interactive match”, you will see stunning moves and incredible goals.Enjoy them both as they happen and while watching the replays.The “Plays chalkboard”Football is not only about winning, its about winning in style…We all know exactly how we’d have our teams playing if only we had the chance.The “Plays chalkboard”, another Football Club Simulator exclusive, has put this within your reach.Freeze the match, study the players’ positions and draw in the movements, actions, passes and shots you want them to make.The “Command system”Never forget… You are the Boss!!!The “Command system” offers you a wide range of orders with which to change the flow of the match.In defenseTell your players to clear the lines, play the offside trap, up the intensity or keep hold of the ball as part of your strategy.In attackPick the right moment to instruct your players to play the ball into the hole, open it up out wide, move it around or go route one.“Real-Time orders” at match dayCommand your team in real-timeIn each half of the match; you'll have 20 seconds to run each order.Your technical team has already got this covered.+40', +60', +80'… Train specifically so that you can add up minutes to carry out each order on match day. Another step towards victory.The “Real-Time shot”. Hit It!Do not hold back! Hit it!We proudly present the thrilling real-time command.When one of your players has a clean sight at goal, do not hold back, give the order "Hit it!" and he'll shoot. Rise up your chances of score!						