
							About This Game
							Explore a vast universe of connected worlds. Build an empire with friends. Become Boundless.Whether you are a seasoned hunter, a weathered explorer, a master builder, a shrewd trader or a natural born fighter, there is a place for you in the massive open-world sandbox of Boundless. Watch the sunrise on one world before hunting down epic Titans on another. Explore caverns on your own or build a city with your guild. Mine, trade or fight Protectors in search for resources and the ever elusive Oort technology.Build a shop, sell your treasures, create amazing contraptions, hunt for Titans, claim land, see the world, open a Portal and expand your reach across the universe. Create your citizen, define your role, make your mark, become Boundless.ExploreJoin the expedition and explorer the Boundless universe. Each world is unique, explorable, with its own inhabitants and resources just waiting to be discovered.BuildFind and use materials to build your base, claim the land as your own, use a beacon to protect your beloved creations.  Use special tools to shape and modify blocks, create interesting and unique looking structures. The only limit is your imagination.CreateMaster the art of crafting and create weapons, tools, building materials, and a whole host of other items. Use advanced crafting machines to Improve your crafts and further your potential. Forge your legacy.HuntHunt down creatures of different shapes and sizes scattered all over the universe. Each world has its own breed of creatures to discover, that require different strategies to best. Get ready to take on the challenge.TradeEverything bought and sold in Boundless is generated by you the players. Buy and sell items through player owned shops, compete with others to become the most successful trader in the universe.CollaborateBoundless is an sandbox MMORPG that encourages players to work together. Find friends or players from all over the world and explore, defeat dangerous creatures, gather rare resources and build a colony together.No Subscription RequiredPurchase the game and enjoy your Boundless journey without a monthly fee.						