
							About This Content
							The Norfolk Southern Big 7s add-on brings two variations of the GE Dash 7 locomotive to Train Simulator. The 3,600 horsepower four-axle GE B36-7 was built from 1980 until 1985 as successor to the famous U36B ‘U-Boats’. Of the 230 locomotives produced, Seaboard System Railroad (which became part of CSX Transportation in 1986) and Conrail purchased the majority between them. CSX became the last Class 1 railroad to include B36-7s in operational rosters. The six-axle GE C36-7 predates the four-axle variant, having first been produced in 1978. Unlike the B36-7, however, the majority were exported to overseas markets. The Norfolk Southern Big 7s for Train Simulator, developed by DigitalTrainModel, includes both the GE B36-7 High Nose and Low Nose variants, plus GE C36-7 ph1 AD, ph1 GSC and ph2 GSC variants in Norfolk Southern livery, and non-driver models as ‘dead’ rolling stock. Other features include class lights, step lights and number board lights, speed recorder, ditch lights and animated front and rear mirrors.The locomotives are also Quick Drive compatible, giving you the freedom to drive the Norfolk Southern Big 7s on any Quick Drive enabled route for Train Simulator, such as those available through Steam. Also included are scenarios specifically for the Norfolk Southern Coal District route (available separately and required to play these scenarios).ScenariosFive scenarios for the Norfolk Southern Coal District route:	At the NS’ Beat: Part 1	At the NS’ Beat: Part 2	Signal to Signal	The Horse Power	Typical WorkMore scenarios are available on Steam Workshop online and in-game. Train Simulator’s Steam Workshop scenarios are free and easy to download, adding many more hours of exciting gameplay. With scenarios being added daily, why don’t you check it out now!Click here for Steam Workshop scenarios.Key Features	GE B36-7 High Nose in Norfolk Southern livery	GE B36-7 Low Nose in Norfolk Southern livery	GE C36-7 ph1 AD in Norfolk Southern livery	GE C36-7 ph1 GSC in Norfolk Southern livery	GE C36-7 ph2 GSC in Norfolk Southern livery	Non-driver models of all locomotive for ‘dead’ rolling stock	Quick Drive compatible	Scenarios for the Norfolk Southern Coal District route	Download size: 367mb						