
							About This Game
							When everything is over, when there is no society, law or even world and you need to fight every day for a last breath, your only goal is to survive one last day.Explore, hunt, be hunted, kill, destroy, build... Just do whatever you need to survive in a colorful, devastated world which the nature has taken back.Current features (alpha stage) Explore procedural generated world alone or with friends. Build and destroy. This is voxel and you can destroy every single piece of map. Survive at any cost. You can survive by gathering resources just from the nature. Be a scavenger, search stuff in abandoned buildings, or rob other players. Living world. Day / night cycles with consecuences and dynamic weather system. Dangerous world. Avoid the acid radioactive rain and try not to be struck by lightning. Cooking. Hunt, gather and scavenge food and then cook it. Arm yourself, you can craft basic weapons and search for the most advanced weaponry. Create and customize your character, you can find clothes and wear them. In-game shop (with in-game currency). Great crafting system that keeps growing and improving every update. Continuous development with personal support from the developer (if he's awake!) Offline mode. You don't need internet connection in order to play. Windows and OSX support.Features coming in very next updates (already done, but being tested) Infinite map / large scale map support. Weapon customization (silencers, sights...). Huge performance optimization.Features currently being developed / implemented Campaign / story mode. New character system allowing new actions and new weapons types. More weapons. Vehicles (bikes, helicopters, quads and cars). Skills and character progression. More enemies and wildlife. Map events. Xbox 360 controller support.Future features / roadmap Character accesories (for example, a parachute). Further languages. Enhaced multiplayer experience. Linux support. Whatever the community wants!NoteAs for alpha 0.25a, multiplayer mode is currently disabled for a new multiplayer system addition working with Steam.Internet connection is recommended in order to play						