
							About This Game
							Choose your Kingdom, collect your spells, herald your forces and prepare your weapons. The war for Euna awaits!Kingdoms CCG is a unique digital trading card game where you take the role of a hero for one of the six great kingdoms of Euna. Each Hero and Kingdom has a distinct play style creating a vibrant metagame. Decks consist of spells, creatures, gear and powerful Rune Words that shape the battlefield. Combat takes place through a strategic three-lane system with lane changing and defending available at all times. Battles are tight, tense and highly rewarding.Kingdoms CCG has been designed to be fast to play, yet highly strategic. Play against other players in PVP arenas or live Tournaments, or the challenging AI in the single-player campaign and Guild Wars. Win prizes monthly on the Arena Ladder or battle through the ranks to reach the Epic Guild League. Glory is yours for the taking!Easy to Learn. Always a Challenge. Join the battle today!Features include:27 unique Heroes - each with 3 special abilities that charge over time and can be used to turn the tide of battle6 Kingdoms - each with strengths, weaknesses and unique abilities - your Kingdom matters!Over 900 cards - an amazing breadth of cards that allow for all types of decks - aggro, control and comboNon-Linear Mana Progression - Gain 2 mana per turn, and turn cards into more. You control your fate!Robust Guild System - Raise through the ranks to the challenge the Epic League, while gaining Honor to acquire special cardsLive PVP Arena Ladders - Prove your are the best and win free packs and promo cards! A new ladder every month.Challenging Single Player Training Grounds - Unlock heroes, win cards, gems and coins - all free!Crafting - Turn extra cards into essence to craft new cards - even Epics!FREE TO PLAYJoin for free. Play for free. Pay if you choose.As a Collectable Card Game this game includes randomized Booster Packs that expand your collection and deck building options. Of the 4 currently available sets, 3 can be purchased with Gold (in-game currency) and 1 require Gems (premium currency).Gems can be acquired for free by completing daily Arena challenges, completing Hero achievements, completing the campaign and through high-level Guild play.Special booster packs with cards from all sets can also be won through Tournaments.Finally, all available heroes can be purchased with Gold.Complete the Advanced Tutorials found on the Campaign screen and receive 7 FREE Core Booster Packs!						