
							About This Game
							Winged Sakura: Mindy's Arc is a fast-paced anime-themed Strategy Defense game with RPG mechanics based on telling a story about Mindy Akumori, a weak girl that's currently suffering from amnesia. The story is set in an unknown dimensional world where Mindy is trapped inside a building. The building contains a Sakura Platform that allows her to teleport to various places within the dimensional world, called entrances. In this era, Sakura (aka Cherry Blossoms), are known as magical flowers that give humans the ability to become a Sakura Contractor, granting them abnormal powers. If the Contractor dies, the Sakura dies. If the Sakura dies, the Contractor dies. Will Mindy remember her past? Will she survive and make it back to her world alive? Help Mindy and become her savior.Key FeaturesA Brand New Innovative Defense System: The characters (Spirits) you summon onto the field are stationary and only last for a few seconds. You have complete control over each Spirit's target, but they de-summon if an enemy collides into them. Strategic Pause: Plan your moves, queue up actions and take all the time you want. No rush. Enjoy the game at your own pace.Leveling Up System: A total of 16 Spirits to unlock and level up to 99!Skill System: A skill tree system with 12 Active and 8 Passive Skills! Change your build and find a build you love! An Expandable Shop System: After successfully completing a level, the shop has a chance to permanently unlock an item! Expand the shop until you've unlocked every single item in the game! Crafting and Enchanting System: Enchant your gears up to a maximum level of 99! Find Crafting Recipes and Craft items for all your Spirits! Survival Mode (End game content): After beating the game, you can test your skills on our endless Survival Mode! A total of 4 Spirits can be unlocked in this mode. Are you good enough to take on the challenge ahead and unlock all 16 Spirits?Steam Leaderboards!: Compete against others in ranking and make your friends jealous of how skilled you are. Do you have what it takes to get your name onto our Insane Mode Leaderboards? (Internet Connection is required for full functionality of Steam Leaderboards. Steam Leaderboards can be disabled via in-game options.)						