
							About This Game
							We Slay Monsters streamlines traditional roguelike RPG gameplay and introduces a unique poker-esque card based combat mechanic.  Each class (Wizard, Rogue, Warrior) has a unique deck of cards; using this deck you will guide your hero through the dungeon.  Each dungeon is designed to play in short bursts, with a single dungeon taking 15-25 minutes to complete (or even less if your hero dies).The Academy For DungeoneeringIn We Slay Monsters, the player is tasked with the rebuilding of the once prestigious Academy For Dungeoneering, famous for training generations of heroes, but long since fallen into disrepair.The Academy is your persistent base that can be upgraded over time with gold earned by performing successful quests for nearby towns.  Heroes may die, but your Academy lives on.FeaturesPoker-esque card-based combat mechanic.  Most hands that would be valid in poker are valid here, except the deck is made up of six suits instead of four, with face values from 1-9 instead of Ace-King.  Flushes can be made with only three of the same suit, and any flush results in a super attack.  Each suit has a unique attack ability.Campaign against the Institute of Evil. The final game will have a campaign where you square off against the Institute of Evil, a rival school responsible for training evil beasts and strange bosses to take over the world.Endless supply of recruits. Permadeath means a hero might die, but your Academy has an endless supply of new recruits willing to risk all for fame and fortune.Over 35 monsters which can be unlocked. Each monster has unique abilities, and monsters are unlocked over time as you complete quests. SoundtrackOur composer Adam Chandler has done a great job with the music and sound effects for the game, and we're planning on releasing the full soundtrack album once the game is launched.  In the mean time, we have made a preview of the first two tracks from the album available on our Bandcamp page:We Slay Monster Soundtrack PreviewHow can I learn more?Our development blog: http://blog.furiouslyinactive.comOur website: http://weslaymonsters.comTwitter: @wedesigngamesFacebook: http://facebook.com/weslaymonsters						