
							About This Game
							GRAV is a sand box experience where you explore a multitude of planets, hunt strange alien creatures, build and defend outposts, craft weapons and armor, and attempt to survive against other players in a hostile environment.We here at BitMonster has been working on GRAV for about 5 months and feel that getting the community involved earlier is vital to a great game.  We plan to launch GRAV as Early Access and work closely with the community on how we evolve and move GRAV forward!      Note: these are features already in the game.  They may be fleshed out more in the future, but they will be ready to rock from day 1Endless Worlds - The planets of GRAV are procedurally generated from composite parts.  This allows for a near infinite combination of biomes, alien sites, and dungeons.Gorgeous Visuals - Genre re-defining visuals allow you to experience fear, excitement, and trepidation in a way never seen before.Frenzied Combat - Compared to the zen-like calm of harvesting resources, combat is a wild ride which you can only hope to survive.  Both Melee and Shooting are the tools of death in GRAV.Player vs Player - Create alliances with other players, viciously kill them and take their belongings, or run from it all!  It's up to you how you interact with your fellow players.Play With Friends - GRAV is all about enjoying the experience with your friends. GRAV is client-server based so put up a server or join an official one!Powerful Base Construction - Supporting a modular contextual room based construction system allows for building bases quickly.  GRAV's building system can be used for creating an entire city, a quick base to fight off enemy players, or building an outpost deep in a dungeon to defend against the aggressive hordes. Extensive Crafting - Anything you can harvest or kill has a chance to drop Crafting Materials.  Building everything from the armor you wear, weapons you kill with, to the actual bases themselves comes from crafting.Dynamic Environmental Events - GRAV employs a procedural system to create world events for players.  A night could consist of blossoming night flowers, meteors raining down from the heavens, or even a horde of very angry alien wildlife trying to kill you and anything you have ever made. Procedurally Generated Dungeons - The planets of GRAV are full of dungeons that are created specifically for that planet.  Full of rare resources, dangerous foes, and environmental obstacles that provide a high-risk high-reward play area.Hostile Environments - Alien planets have a combination of semi safe areas and just plain you-are-probably-going to die locations!  The planets of GRAV are places where you must do whatever it takes to survive.Roadmap to get an idea of what features are coming to GRAV:https://trello.com/b/MJriPqM6/grav						