
							About This Game
							Barbarians. Violence. Ham. Isn't that all you need to know?...Oh, okay then.What is Barbarian Brawl?Barbarian Brawl is a 3rd person multiplayer action brawler, where you battle in groups of up to 20-players in a deadly, trap-ridden battle arena, which also resembles a Barbarian village, because nothing says welcome home like a swinging guillotine or hidden bear trap.It has a story?Sort of. In a small camp high in the mountains of a fictional universe that hasn't been named (any ideas?), lives a little known tribe of Barbarians who mostly fight each other and eat lots of ham. LOTS of ham. Ham is really good you see, and it gives the Barbarians more energy to fight... and so the cycle continues.CharactersChoose one of the six unique Barbarians, each with their own key strengths, weaknesses and awesome names. BaarbaarKlondikeMr RottenButtercup  BrynHildr Crazy EyesGame modesFree-for-All Free-for-All is all about bashing in skulls and dismembering limbs. You know the deal. In this mode, the ham you collect can be eaten to increase your health. Team Death MatchTDM is all about ham! The goal is to collect as much delicious ham as possible before other Barbarians beat you to it. Be sure to keep an eye out for the legendary golden ham that will spawn randomly on the map. [note: the golden ham cannot be eaten!]WeaponsFor the bloodthirsty Barbarians out there we have assembled a huge range of weapons for you to swing at each other. Sword – A weapon of only the noblest Barbarians. Scythe – A tool for farmers? Not when wielded by bloodthirsty Barbarians. Club – Surprisingly efficient at bashing skulls! Axe – Limbs, necks, torsos. Severs just about anything. Halberd – Keep your enemies at a distance. Knife – The pointy end goes in the other guy. Hammer –  Stop! Hammer time (sorry, we couldn't help ourselves).Traps!Watch Out! Traps add a new layer of difficulty, so mind where you step! Bear Trap – Designed to catch dinner, but catches Barbarians just as well. Guillotine – One small step...one giant … oh yep you’re fish food. Spike Trap –You won’t be walking away from this one. Spinning Trap – Whilst easy to spot you will be surprised how difficult it is to navigate safely.						