
							About This Game
							Grimoire is a multiplayer mage FPS that gives players control of devastating magic. Unique spells put a twist classic shooter gameplay, adding the tactics and trickery of magical combat. Explore a dark medieval world through exciting game modes that put a new twist on old favorites. Fight for territory, prestige, and your very survival. Scorch your enemies, vanish into thin air, or turn to stone with dozens of powerful spells at your fingertips!Grimoire WarfareChoose from one of six wizard classes and wield four primary spells in deadly magical battles, unlock eight more spells to customize each class to your specific playstyle. Then pick two additional abilities from a shared pool of spells that range from teleportation to a powerful kinetic blast that sends foes flying. Mix in passive abilities that increase your tactical options and you have a recipe for combat befitting a student of the Arcane Arts. Many spells are inspired by our favorite MOBA games like DOTA 2 and League of Legends. Grimoire's FPS spin on these strategic spells creates fast paced tactical combat unlike anything you've played before. Grimoire is not a game of instant damage and unavoidable death. Every spell has a counter… if you’re ready for it!Grimoire's Current ModesConquest - Magnus and Validus battle over control of key sources of magical energy known as ley-lines. The longer the ley-lines are held the more energy is gained including a large influx of power if one house can manage to take total control of an area. Destructible objects can reveal new territory or bring the environment crashing down on your enemies. Inspired by games like Day of Defeat, the Battlefield series, and Team Fortress 2; Conquest is a territorial battle that features large (8v8) teams.Free-For-All (Deathmatch) - Chaos reigns supreme in this fight to the death. This classic game mode is a great way to try out the game without worrying about objectives.Safeguard - The people of Orinfell are under attack! Hold off waves of undead fighters, mages, and golems as the survivors escape through the city's catacombs. This game mode is great for testing out new spells and learning the basics of the game.Grimoire LoreThe northern land of Aesir is home to two great houses locked in bitter struggle. The fate of the Empire will be decided by the House that wields the power of the Grimoire. In ages past use of the Grimoire heralded the dawn of magic, called forth hosts of mythical creatures, and brought a vast civilization to ruin. Now, the Grimoire’s power is coveted by House Magnus, who was entrusted to guard its secrets, and House Validus, who intends to use its power to bring forth a new age. Their feuds spills blood in the streets while a yet-unseen power rises in the south...War approaches. An epic conflict not only for power, but for survival.						