
							About This Content
							As beautiful as she's fearsome, Jiva is the guardian of the month of Javian. Equipped to protect Javian, she is constantly battling Djaul the demon, whose attempts to prolong the month of Descender never cease. * * Be careful, this DLC pack can be activated only once per game account.The Jiva Pack includes: - 30 days of Booster benefits :• +30% XP points in combat and quests • +10% chance to drop items at the end of combats • +30% Kamas at the end of the combat • Exclusive early access to latest areas and content • Secondary characters get an XP bonus according to main character level • Fill your health with one click • Vote for governor’s elections This Booster pack will only be available for the characters on the server you’ll choose after redeeming the pack code. - Krosmoglob SidekickThe Krosmoglob is your new dual element Sidekick, he is also the greatest of all the Air/Water sidekicks ! - Growth KibbleEach growth kibble gives 2 additional levels to pets and petsmounts- Vital Energy Cocktail Gives you back all your Vitality at the end of the next 5 fights. - Drago-Steed of Destruction This mount will increase your movement speed by +50% and give you +40% area (AoE) damages- Emerald Ikiakit A gorgeous Ikiakit for those who collect beautiful things. It allows you to extend your Haven-Bag storage up to 28 more slots.- Young Wild Sow PetAs powerful as cute, this pet gives you +60 HP, +25% Air Damage and increase your initiative by 20 at level 50.  How to redeem: To get all the content of your Jiva Pack once you’ve purchased it with your Steam Wallet: Enter your 15 characters code on the WAKFU website! www.wakfu.com Once you have entered your code, select the server on which you want to credit the Booster days. IMPORTANT: if you do not choose a server, you won’t get anything. The code remains valid until you choose your server. Then, you just have to confirm at the bottom of the redeem page. Your Ogrines will be automatically credited to your account, the Booster days to your server and you can collect all yours items directly in-game in the Gift Interface.						