
							About This Game
							Calling all Sentinels! Do you have what it takes to defend the Multiverse? Compose a team of comic book heroes, each with their own playstyles, backstories, and grudges. Pit them against a variety of maniacal and formidable villains. Defeat your enemies and save the Multiverse!Sentinels of the Multiverse is the award-winning game in which players join forces as heroes to combat a dastardly villain in a dynamic environment. The digital version of Sentinels of the Multiverse plays like a comic book come to life! Control an entire team of heroes in single player, or head online and join heroes from around the globe in multiplayer. This is cooperative card-battle like you’ve never played before!The rules of the game are deceptively simple: Play a Card, Use a Power, and Draw a Card. What makes Sentinels of the Multiverse unique is that each card has special abilities that can create powerful combos or even change the rules of the game!This digital version includes all content from the Sentinels of the Multiverse core game: 10 Heroes: Absolute Zero, Bunker, Fanatic, Haka, Legacy, Ra, Tachyon, Tempest, The Visionary, & The Wraith 4 Villains: Baron Blade, Citizen Dawn, Grand Warlord Voss, & Omnitron 4 Environments: Insula Primalis, Megalopolis, Ruins of Atlantis, & Wagner Mars BaseIt also includes several unlockable variant cards: Variant heroes with alternate powers and backstory Variant villains bring an all new twist on the battle All are unlockable via secret Sentinels storyline-based challenges!Expansion packs that add new heroes, villains, and environments are available as downloadable content via Steam.Season Pass 1 includes the first 4 expansions and 3 mini-packs. Save money and get all the content!Mini-Pack 1 includes Unity, Ambuscade, and Silver Gulch, 1883.Rook City includes Expatriette, Mr. Fixer, The Chairman, The Matriarch, Plague Rat, Spite, Pike Industrial Complex, and Rook City.Infernal Relics includes The Argent Adept, NightMist, Akash'Bhuta, Apostate, The Ennead, GloomWeaver, Realm of Discord, and Tomb of Anubis.Mini-Pack 2 includes The Scholar, Miss Information, and The Final Wasteland.Shattered Timelines includes Chrono-Ranger, Omnitron-X, La Capitan, The Dreamer, Kismet, Iron Legacy, The Block, and Time Cataclysm.Wrath of the Cosmos includes Captain Cosmic, Sky-Scraper, Deadline, Infinitor, Kaargra Warfang, Progeny, Dok’Thorath Capital, and The Enclave of the Endlings.Mini-Pack 3 includes Guise, Wager Master, and Omnitron-IV.Season Pass 2 includes the final 3 mega-expansions and 2 mini-packs as they become available.Vengeance contains 5 heroes, 5 team villains, and 2 environments.Every rule & interaction in the game has been carefully adapted and thoroughly tested by expert Sentinels players, as well as the designer himself. If you’re wondering how a certain situation works in SotM, this game is the ultimate rules lawyer!Features Original music brings the Multiverse to life like you’ve never heard before. Rock out to the official Sentinels Theme Song, ambient tracks for each environment, and ending themes for each villain. Beautifully rendered environment backdrops put you right in the action. Brand new artwork for every Hero and Villain in the game, created by Sentinels of the Multiverse artist Adam Rebottaro himself. Over 9,000 different potential battles to choose from by combining the 10 Heroes, 4 Villains, and 4 Environments. Play a solo game with three to five heroes, or pass & play with your friends. Cross-platform online multiplayer with friends and others from around the world.Sentinels of The Multiverse: The Video Game is an officially licensed product of “Sentinels of the Multiverse®” from Greater Than Games LLC.						