
							About This Game
							3 On 3 Street Basketball Match! Try the Best Mmo Street Basketball Game Now! Experience a superior gameplay of basketball and perform freestyle street basketball moves!  Enjoy the excitement of street basketball with its distinct killer graphics and incomparable game experience.one Player, One Character  Player is focused on controlling a single character with the position of their choice. An interactive basketball game that enables you to define yourself in the court. Test your teamwork with other basketball players around the world and show them what you got!key Features 	Positions: Center, Power Forward, Small Forward, Shooting Guard and Point Guard. 	Skills: Make your own play style with over 30 of moving, shooting and passing skills! 	Tournament & Crew: Team up with your crewmates and win the tournament to get a chance to get great prizes! 	Customization: Customize your character and choose from a wide range of outfits, hairstyles, shoes, accessories to define your own fashion statement! 	Tutorial & Training: Exclusive tutorials show how to execute each and every skill in the game. other Features 	daily Quest and Mission	achievements	Active Environment System: AI and environments are responding according to player’s action. 	ASA System: it allows user to track very detailed statistics of their play style 	BGM: Original hip-hop sound track that gives users a genuine street basketball feel	Card System: There are cards that can be obtained in-game and can boost certain attributes of a character. Collect & complete deck of cards to acquire greater attribute boost!	Challenge Mode: Challenge AI’s in Rebound, Diving Catch, Block and Jump Shot on different levels and make it to the top list!For hardcore basketball fans that can’t get enough action on a mainstream basketball game, the MMORPG game FreeStyle2, the successor of the popular FreeStyle1 is here to kick up your feisty-seeking-meter to maximum. FreeStyle2 is best for its unconventional gameplay and graphic effects from the usual basketball games that not only make the game more stimulating and hyped. Players are set up to a street-style league and are allowed to use flashy, freestyle moves that also intensify game experience that you can never find anywhere.Throw away the uniform and come to the playground for some street basketball fun! Now, experience the extreme moves of street balling! Every move is a highlight,Only available in FreeStyle2: Street Basketball.						