
							About This Game
							BUILD UP YOUR OWN GAMES EMPIREForm your own game studio in the early 1980s starting in a small garage. Develop your own game concepts, create a team and develop megahit video games. Research new technologies, train your staff, upgrade your offices, moving up to bigger and better locations.Expand your business and dominate the world market for video games! • Manage the various aspects of your companyFrom being able to produce your own games in-house to buying up your competitors, the gameallows for total control of your game company and the direction you wish to take it in.• Develop the games of your dreamsYou are given the freedom to develop the game of your dreams. Develop or buy a someone else's game engine and create a simple Platformer or the next  big MMORPG. You can set your main focus on graphics, sound, technique and gameplay. Choose between core and casual gamers as the targeted audience for your game. Should your game have Copy Protection? Want to use an offical Movie License for your game? This only a few of the possibilities for you to develop your own groundbreaking, best selling game. • Build your office from scratchYou can arrange your office by your own imagination. Build development, server, training, or production rooms and your own executive office. Place some desks, cabinets and plants to keep your employees happy.There are a lot of objects and rooms to create a personalized and effective office. Build a customer support office to keep the fans happy, build warehouses and production rooms tomake and produce your own games in bulk, setting the prices and deciding what to include.FEATURES• Start your own game development studio • Create your own dream games• Build multiple development rooms and become a prolific game studio!• Buy out your competition, make improvements and have them make games for you.• Cut deals with publishers or produce your own• Show your new hit games off at the games convention to attract fans• Tons of genres, features and topics • Research new technologies • More than 120 different game screenshots • Hire game design legends • Train your employees and make industry defining games• Create a next-gen engine and sell it to other companies for profit• Buy new and larger office buildings • More then 100 licenses to base your games on• Develop and sell your own AAA Engine• Produce a next-gen game console						