
							About This Content
							*This item package is no longer be available to purchase as Steam DLC. You may still buy it in the game from the Astro Shop button near the top of your game window. Make sure to have Steam Overlay enabled.*Sentinel of the Sea PackWe are toasting each and every one of our supporters by offering Sentinel of the Sea Packs of ultimate value. We sincerely thank those that are the vanguard of support for UWO and hope you will be with us for many years to come!To redeem the code for item pack, click on the Astro Shop button (Red button with golden star inside upper right of the screen) and click Buy Astros, then paste in the code. Item pack may be picked up from any Bank's Receive Item option after 15 minutes.Please pick up the item pack at any Bank, use the Receive Item button after redemption.Packs available to purchase directly in game for the same price.Contents:Wind king’s gem x 1 - 30% Ship Speed Up Bonus for 30 days.Sea king's gem x 1 - 30% Experience gain increase for 30 days.Thunder king's gem x 1 - 30% Skill Proficiency gain increase for 30 days.Flame king's gem x 1 - 30% Fame gain increase for 30 days.Shared Storage Long-term Permit x 1 - Gain 30 days access to Shared storage No.1 (50 storage spaces for items) for all characters on the account through Storage Supervisor.Shared Storage (No.2) Long-term Permit x 1 - Shared Storage No. 2 provides an additional storage functions the same as Shared Storage No. 1.Strongbox Long Term Permit x 1 - Gain 30 days access to Strongbox for the character used it. It will serve as a portable vault that can be accessed from Character -> Inventory -> Strongbox.Skill Notes Usage Long Permit x 1 - Gain 30 days access to Skill Note for the character used it. It can store up to 5 skills that can be taken out or switched any time. Access from Character -> Skills -> Skill Notes (Stored skills will be temporarily disabled)Add. Registration Long-term Permit - Allows user to register and use an additional character on the account for gameplay or storage purpose.Premium Ticket x 2 - Gain a random useful prize.Check (100mil) x 2 - It can be traded to other players directly or exchanged at bank for the equivalent amount of Ducats.						