
							About This Game
							Welcome to Crest, a religion simulator where you take care of humans as if they were your own children. Your only way of communication with your subjects is commandments. How these commandments are interpreted and remembered are not set in stone. What you write and what experiences they have with the environment is the basis for their religion. You might find that your people will change on their own accord over time and use your commandments for their own devices. But, they are your children after all, you can always try to coerce them back into the fold.You have an indirect control of your people with your commandments; consequences of your actions may not always be clear and you will need to be aware of the ever-changing environment and your people's disposition, amongst others their disposition towards you. Expressing yourself is the key of Crest; you will do so through your people and the world they shape.Key FeaturesWrite rules for your subjects which will have interesting consequences.Many different ways to express your divinity which will be reflected in your followers.Immersive feedback which will show you the progress of your people and create a rich history.Procedurally generated game world which changes over time and shows wear and tear.An expressive game without end-goal where you can focus on building your legacy.Your people have free will, focus on leading them rather than controlling their every move.Emergent world where weather, vegetation, mineral deposits, drought and animal behavior will create surprises.Progression and LosingEvery new world you start is unique; you can't have multiple saves of it so you will have to think carefully of what you want to do. If your people die off that world is gone forever as a playable save file. However, you will be able to view the legacy of your old worlds. As long as your people live you can continue playing, and as you progress create your own history.SettingCrest is an Afrofuturist game that reimagines how humanity arose in the cradle of humankind on the African continent. It's a historical themed game that tries to emulate an advanced iron age civilization that could have existed a few thousand years ago. The setting for the game world, its flora and fauna is based on African biomes, with rainfall determining the tug-of-war between desert, savanna and jungle.						