
							About This Game
							In her mid-20's, Kelly has been forced to move back to Nebraska. Back to that flat expanse, that seemingly endless sea of rustling cornstalks peppered by rusty silos and rustier towns. A typically intense Midwestern storm is approaching while Kelly is out; she needs to get home. 	Three Fourths Home is a visual short story in which you assume the role of Kelly during her drive through the storm. In the 20 miles between her grandparents' crumbling barn and her parents' home, she receives a phone call from her mother. While driving through a stylized representation of rural Nebraska, you must navigate an extended conversation between Kelly and her parents and younger brother.	Three Fourths Home takes a look into a specific moment of these characters' lives and their relationships with one another. The narrative touches on a variety of issues affecting Kelly and her family, including disability, adulthood, and familial obligation.Gameplay	As a visual short story, dialogue choice is the primary focus of Three Fourths Home. Between the main game and the epilogue, nearly 800 unique dialogue choices shade the story differently based on how you play. In addition to dialogue choice, you must also keep driving in order to keep the conversation going. Stop, and time slows to a crawl. Kelly has to move forward in order to get home.New to the Extended Edition		For its Steam release, Three Fourths Home: Extended Edition includes an expanded edit of the initial release as well as several new elements, including a new epilogue in addition to a number of extra features. Epilogue: Idling in the Rubble	Set at a bus stop in snowy Minnesota, Idling in the Rubble follows another conversation that Kelly has with her mother. The 20-30 minute experience delves into Kelly's past, examining her reasons for moving back to Nebraska and her internal struggle following the events of the main game.	Extra Features	Radio		Listen to the soundtrack by Neutrino Effect	Stories		Four new stories penned by Kelly's younger brother, Ben	Photos		Take a look through Kelly's final project for her college photography class						