
							About This Game
							Crystal Story II is a turn-based RPG that follows the story of a young Dragon on his quest to defeat an evil witch. He must seek allies to aid him on his journey and save the world from the oncoming invasion.Sword of the Fallen Dragon update: New chapter (Chapter 6): A new threat has risen. Join the party once again as they investigate the strange mysteries that are happening on the Northern Orc Village. New Side Quests: A pesky thief has been stealing items from the neighboring towns. The party is hired to catch the thief and return the items that were stolen. Card Battle: Collect cards and challenge foes to a Card Duel in an all new minigame. Battle Arena: Monsters line up to challenge your party in battle. Defeat them to earn prizes. Pet Gifts: Your pet now goes on its own adventure while you are away and will occasionally give you its spare items.Key Features: A turn based battle system where you control up to four heroes. A story that spans a huge game world. Meet tons of NPCs and fight along side them. Randomized dungeon layout lets you explore dungeons differently every time. Side quests lets you explore and unlock optional dungeons around the game world. Upgradable equipment lets you improve weapons and armor. Alchemy lets you combine items into new one. Flexible level up system where you can mix and match classes to make your own unique class. Fishing minigame lets you catch fish that can boost character performance. Zombie defense minigame provides a challenging quest where you have to match three of a kind in order to defeat bosses and enemies. Mercenary Defense minigame lets you hire mercenaries to defend against the oncoming horde. Snowboard Extreme minigame lets you race downhill avoiding trees and yetis. Beat the time to win an item. A Hackpick minigame is present on certain rare treasure chests. You have to solve the puzzle before you can open the chest. In game pet which you can dress up and summon during battle. Optional quests and bosses appear once the game is over, so you can continue playing after beating the game. Includes Crystal Story.						