
							About This Game
							Once upon a time in the World of Imagi…WELCOME TO THE BIGGEST LIVE-COMPETITION THEATER EVER SEEN!Imagi is the country where fairy tale characters live, with its bad guys and damsels in distress. So much so that becoming prince charming is a treacherous path where the gloves really come off! Two, three or four players all pretend to be princes who must survive a series of challenges, the goal being to... make the others fail! The competition will be tough, but very funny!The Great Romantic Games of Imagi are ready to start! The first competitors are making their entrance: the regular Prince Charming and his dear Princess Abraca, Hansel and Gretel (the two enormous kids) and several colorful creatures are waiting to jump into the battle. And there are even more champions to this roster: Don Quichotte, a masochist BBW (Big Bad Wolf) followed by the nasty Red Hood. Turn up the heat, because the Snow Queen is coming from the north and she’s bringing a big furry beast with her!But dreams of friendly jousts between high-born nobles will collapse when faced with the reality of extreme fights against monsters and falling endlessly into traps and pits everywhere! Loyalty, bravery, honour – forget them all! Their fiercest opponents will be each other, for only the most cunning competitors can win this free-for-all dungeon race! – FAIRY TALES from your childhood… in a WHACKY version: :  Castles, dragons, princes, mermaids, witches and magical beans that will awaken you inner child and allow you to, at last, remove the stupid smile from the face of those cheesy heroes…– At last, a real PARTY GAME… FOR GAMERS:  Easy and fun to play, hard to master. Competitive free-for-all furious gameplay, where three of you monsters can face against one prince, or stand in the princesses’ slippers in a ready-to-rumble mode. – HOURS OF RUN AND FIGHT: offline local multiplayer of up to 4 players only;5 environments, 2 multiplayer modes, 3 solo Challenge/Scoring modes, surprises to unlock and megabosses (inspired by your deepest nightmares.) All of this will grant you ample opportunities to laugh and boo your couch-neighbour!–  PRINCE CHARMING or BEAST? Both, my dear. As one of the 5 princes (each with their unique powers), you must complete each stage as fast as possible, while your 3 monster opponents activate traps and defenses to slow you down and make you fall. You can also play a princess, fighting against 3 of your "best friends" in an arena to give a life bonus to your prince for the next stage. The power of love…Be careful, ABRACA is a controller-exclusive game, you will need 1 controller per player. Make sure you own such devices before you purchase the game. The game can only be played in offline local multiplayer mode of up to 4 players.						