
							About This Game
							This bundle includes 5 well-known Hidden Object games:

Behind the Reflection 2: Witch's Revenge: 
A witch's quest for revenge spells trouble for a young mother and her son in this haunting hidden object adventure! Guide the mother as she pursues the witch through time and space to save her son from a fate worse than death. Interact with a variety of characters, find useful objects, and then use the items to solve cunning puzzles. The variety of quests you must take on will keep you pressing forward to the game's shocking conclusion: Collect battle armor for a talking skeleton, assemble a special key belonging to an exorcist and save a witch from burning at the stake, all in an effort to stay on the trail of your nemesis! Beautiful artwork brings each scene to life, while the use of pictures instead of word lists simplifies the process of looking for hidden objects, even as the creators of the game employ clever new ways of hiding things in plain sight. Can you rise above every challenge and triumph over evil? 

Mountain Crime: Requital: 
Someone is killing the guests at a mountain resort, and you could be next if you don't solve the mystery at the heart of this chilling thriller! Take the role of a doctor who's summoned to a remote hotel to tend to a patient, and hold on to your sanity as you discover the first victim moments upon arriving at the retreat. 
As you search for clues, crack brain-bending puzzles and read newspaper clippings that reveal the hotel's horrific past, two questions will take shape in your mind: What ties do you have to the hotel? And why did one of the victims claim you are the killer? The answer will shock you! Play Mountain Crime today to discover the truth! 

Vampire Saga: Pandora's Box: 
With a chilling crime at the center of its spellbinding story, Vampire Saga is not intended for the faint of heart. Join Matthew Ward as he steals aboard a cargo ship to escape the violence of the Spanish-American War, passes out and then wakes up to find himself alone with several sinister-looking coffins. Explore eerie locations, search for hidden objects and follow a story full of nerve-pricking encounters. Without a doubt, this captivating mystery thriller will give you the creeps! 

Weird Park: Broken Tune: 
A haunted amusement park is the backdrop for a twisted tale of terror in Weird Park: Broken Tune! 
Take the role of a private detective hired to investigate a rash of "accidental" deaths that befell those who worked at the park before city officials shut it down. Search for clues as you explore creepy carnival environments, solve puzzles as you pursue a mysterious joker down shadowy paths, and find hidden objects that can help you solve the mystery of a portal that leads to a realm beyond insanity. With its gripping story, intense atmosphere, and challenging puzzles, Weird Park: Broken Tune is a game no hidden object fan should miss! 

Twisted Lands: Shadow Town" 
Why does your heart beat faster when you peer into a dark room? What makes the hair on your neck bristle when something invisible whispers in your ear? And why do you jump when something that should not be real appears in the corner of your vision? 
Welcome to Twisted Lands: Shadow Town, the first game in a new saga that will explore the emotion of fear. Guide the actions of a man as he searches a deserted island for his wife, who disappeared when their boat crashed on the shore. Along the way, gather hidden items, solve hair-raising puzzles and make one spine-chilling discovery after another as you draw ever closer to a shocking conclusion!						