
							About This Content
							This soundtrack pack includes a total of 26 tracks.Because the game is still in progress this list can expend in the future.The soundtrack can be found in the Blob From Space installation map.Blob From Space - Theme (1:04) Blob From Space - Outside (1:09)Blob From Space - Lab 404 (0:55)Blob From Space - Working All Night (4:02)Blob From Space - Action Stage (2:41)Blob From Space - Lab 30 (3:05)Blob From Space - Funky Blob (1:14)Blob From Space - Lava Rush (1:42)Blob From Space - Retro Blob (1:44)Blob From Space - Blob Bloep Blap (2:18)Blob From Space - Uncertainty (2:26)Blob From Space - Return to Lava Rush (2:25)Blob From Space - Holiday Bells (2:50)Blob From Space - Lab 09 (2:49)Blob From Space - Retro Is Back (2:26)Blob From Boy (2:37)Blob From Boy 2 (0:41)Blob From Space - Coming from space (2:26)Blob From Space - Blob Funk (2:24)Blob From Space - RoBoss (2:08)Blob From Space - BlobMance (1:26)Blob From Space - Outer World v2 (2:32)Blob From Space - Theme Remastered (1:52)Blob From Space - Going Home (2:29)Exclusive tracks:Feel the beat (4:30)JosPlays Theme (4:23) Rebecca Tripp"I grew up in Canada around many forests and parks.  Having artists for parents, who read us vivid fantasy stories at bedtime, I developed an obsessive appreciation for fairy tales, woods and magical kingdoms.  Because of this, nature, as well as fantasy has been a prominent influence on my work.Having been born with synesthesia, it did not take long for me to discover that all things of visual beauty can be described through sound.  I got my first keyboard when I was 8, and taught myself how to play.  By the time I was 14, I had composed nearly 100 original pieces, in an attempt to communicate my passion through music.Although my goal in music has always been to capture, recapture and convey the wonder I felt as a child, while exploring woods and gardens, the single most influential thing in my life as a composer has been video game music.  This medium has been an endless source of delight for me, as the soundtracks underscoring the many electronic worlds I have explored over the years have demonstrated to me that I am by no means alone in my desire: I long to share with others the joys of discovery, epic sensations of wonder and enchantment as well as the sweetness and beauty of unique aesthetics, environments and themes by painting colorful and fantastical landscapes in sound.I would say that the vast majority of my work (now over 1500 songs and counting) convey emotions existing on the “enchantment” spectrum.  My work is often dreamy, ethereal, soft, soothing, mysterious, meandering and (usually, but not always) joyful.  However, as seen in my BFS (Blob From Space) tracks, I like to sometimes write weird and fun, retro style video game music.  It’s my hope to write many video game soundtracks, because it's my hope that my dreams will live on through my music- but I won't stop creating it any time soon.  I will compose until I die!"Otus HobstAboutOtus is a freelance composer / producer with over than 12 years of musical experience and classical training in the field. As he is a big gamer himself he can offer you a lot of enthusiasm, dedication, high quality, fast work and the right feeling for anything you throw at him!Otus has also played (and hosted) in many bands on guitar or bass. Some of the examples arePoppy Seed Grinder, Apocryphal Death, Rites of Undeath, Genuine Relief,...Recent workOtus is currently a guitarist and main composer of cyber metal band Minority Sound. He is also dedicated to videogame soundtracks composition and he would like to offer you his services! He already has many experiences in music production - including cooperation with one of the legendary game soundtrack composers Rom di Prisco.And my website is http://otushobst.comDJLarsloAlong the edge of Amsterdam, some mysterious music is made for Blob From Space. Inspired by the urban sounds of the city and weed, the young producer who calls himself DJLarslo, makes background music on the edge of dark synths and relaxing vibes.http://youtube.com/djlarsloVersano LarozBrian Kwizera, also knowned as Versano Laroz is a allround DJ from "Den Haag" The Netherlands.His audience target is 19 year olds and has DJ experience for over 6 years at this moment.Most styles he uses are: Urban, House (Latin), Moonbahton, Kuduro (bubbeling), hiphop, EDM and reggaeton.Versano thinks it's important people should reconise him from something. So he doesn't own do the DJ work, but he's also a producer.He "donated" his track to Blob From Space to let the people hear some of his work.Expect the unexpected from Versano Larozhttps://soundcloud.com/versanolaroz						