
							About This Game
							Mr. Fatty Maze’s Adventures is a logic game based on a thrilling story that offers an entirely new outlook on the world of labyrinths! 

★ FATTY MAZE’S STORY ★ 

Mr. Fatty Maze is the main character, a tourist who found a treasure map and ventured on a journey to find it. On its way to an island marked on the map, his plane crashes, but the brave traveler survives. He wakes up to find himself in a giant maze that he must escape from to reach the treasure.

★ GAMEPLAY ★ 

Your task will be to help the nice and unlucky character find a way out of this difficult situation by guiding him through the maze and, hopefully, taking him to the treasure chest. To do that, you will need all your concentration, logic, memory and patience. It’s a long and treacherous journey through a labyrinth where you will need to find keys to exit doors. You will encounter all kinds of obstacles, such as stones, plants, rivers, portals, crates and much more. You will also need to find many items that will help you overcome these obstacles. 
Each labyrinth is a unique exciting puzzle where you can easily get lost. However, if you find yourself in a dead end with no way out, you can always restart the game and try again. Sometimes even the weather will be a problem, making it hard for Mr. Fatty Maze to navigate through the maze in mist, during a blizzard, storm or night time. 
The game offers an exciting atmosphere, colorful graphics and animations, great music and sound effects, adventures in locations covered with jungle, ice and sand, over 50 types of levels, over 25 types of game items and obstacles and an amazingly beautiful and mysterious world! But the most important feature is the main character who changes depending on the maze conditions. 
You will be surprised to see how much better your memory and ability to solve logic puzzles will improve after beating the game! 
The game has no level time limitations, but the faster and more efficiently you beat a level, the more points you will get to compare your score with that of your friends. 
The game was created both for adults and their kids! 
The level editor to share after the game is released. Potential modification of the game is very high, with the level editor you can create amazing mazes and to share them with other players. 

★ FEATURES ★ 

• Colorful graphics and animations! 
• Great music and sound effects! 
• 3 missions: Jungle, ICE and Sand! 
• Over 50 types of levels! 
• Different play conditions: fog, sand storm or night time! 
• Many game items: hammer, machete, boat, sticks, clew, amanitas and much more! 
• Interactive obstacles: stones, plants, rivers, portals, bridges, crates, wild animals and much more! 
• Very-difficult to solve final labyrinths! 

★ SOCIAL NETWORKS ★ 

Become a part of the game’s community! Join to Fatty Maze’s fans on the official site and in social networks! 

Like us and become a fan of Fatty Maze’s Adventures on Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/FattyMazeHD 

Follow Fatty Maze’s Adventures on Twitter: http://twitter.com/fattymaze 

Watch Fatty Maze’s Adventures trailer and video tutorials: 
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VaH8G0sTJaY&feature=plcp						