
							About This Content
							Is it a Tofu? Is it a Dragon? No! It's the Justice Knight! When order and truth are threatened, this masked hero emerges from the night and gallops towards the adventure!Protector of the World of Twelve from the Sushus threat, the Justice Knight assumes the role of guardian of one of the most terrifying Sushus: Anathar, the head of the Rushu armies. A powerful knight in golden armor, the Justice Knight has acquired the best equipment to track and capture the Shushus and their guardians.*Be careful, this DLC pack can be activated only once per player account in WAKFU.The Justice Pack includes: - 30 days of Booster Packs: +30% XP at the end of fights and quests +10% chance of getting more items at the end of fights +30% of Kamas at the end of each fight Be the first to access new content Your secondary characters gain experience faster Fill your life gauge with one click Vote during the elections for governor of your country This Booster Pack shall only be valid for characters on the server you chose at the time of activating the code. - 2 Heroes - 30 daysPlay with two additional characters from your account for 30 days.- Golden Scarafly PetThis golden pet takes you to Level 50: +60 HP, +12 INI, +30% Fire and Air damage.- Justice League Costume The hero costume of your dreams!- Golden Ikiakitit Increases your Haven Bag storage chest by 28 additional slots.- “Brandish Your Big Sword” Emote You can proudly show your weapon to all those around you. - Wisdom Potion X10This potion increases your Wisdom (XP gain) by 150 for several fights. -  Prospecting Potion X10This potion increases your Prospecting by 150 for several fights.- "Justice has arrived” TitleWith this title, everyone will know that you are the boss… - PlanturretA small self-defense plant to decorate your Haven Bag.- Justice Choo-ChooA mini racing car to decorate your Haven Bag.How to use your code: To obtain the contents of your Justice Pack once you have bought it: - Go to the WAKFU site at www.wakfu.com and register your 15-character code.- Once the code has been registered, select the server on which you wish to credit your Booster days. IMPORTANT: You will not receive anything unless you select a server. However, the code remains valid until the server has been chosen. - Confirm everything at the bottom of the code activation page. - Your Ogrines will be automatically credited to your account, the Booster days to your server, and you may directly recover all items in play in the "Gifts" interface.						