
							About This Content
							RISE OF THE OUROBANI EXPANSION DLCThe world of Alganon is a battleground for the gods. The deities of the Kujix embrace change, conflict and knowledge, while the gods of the Asharr represent creation, fire and life. For centuries, the Kujix and Asharr have fought each other for dominance of Alganon, each side trying to outmaneuver each other in what has become known as the War of Conversion. But the balance of power, that has resulted in a stalemate for so long, has been broken.The Ourobani have changed their secluded and aloof strategy in an effort to bring Ouroban, their god believed lost to the void, back to them. Ouroban is the keeper of secret knowledge about the portal system that used to enable the people of Alganon to travel freely about their world. With this knowledge, Ouroban has the power to transform, or even destroy, Alganon. The Temple and The Spindle, monuments built in Ouroban's name on the volcanic mount Ateis'Tepi, are the key to his secret. But before Ouroban could harness their power, one of his followers revealed what he knew to both the Kujix and Asharr.Now, these bitter rivals have made plans to do whatever it takes to rise above the others, including the destruction of Ouroban's followers, the Ourobani, and, if they can, taking their power for themselves!The world of Alganon has expanded and with this growth comes major change. As the Ourobani stake their claim to the continent of Aeon, the Asharr and Kujix find they have a new threat to contend with. Will they be friend or foe? Perhaps both? Only time will tell, the gods themselves cannot say.This "Rise of the Ourobani" expansion features tons of great new features including:A brand new playable race, the OurobaniA new, unique leveling experience in the new continent of AeonA new Warden companion class. A specialist in damage from afar and up close who can shapeshift and use a permanent companion to focus down their enemiesIntroducing flying mounts in Alganon! Buy yours from the Tribute Market and see the lands as never before, as you ride your mount through the skies! Hundreds of new quests and new types of quests						