
							About This Game
							Here at Curve, we love indie games. Who doesn't? Well, probably some people don't, but we wouldn't trust 'em.But we love indie games SO MUCH, we embarked on a journey to find some of the most exciting and interesting independent development talent out there and help them bring their titles in front of a bigger audience.From illuminating roguelikes, to non-euclidean puzzlers, all the way through to hyper-futuristic couch joust-em-ups - you're going to be experiencing the full-fat cream of what the indie development world has to offer.So here they are, presented all in one handy place - just for you. Enjoy!The deeper you travel the darker it gets,and you only have your arrows to light the way.---They say the city's a roost for every bird.Detective Chirpums is more than happy to disagree with that. Almost as much as he is downing a bottle of Grackle's Finest in one sitting.He's the city's best detective. He's the city's only detective. Because someone had to.And he's got a new case. It's his only chance at paying rent for the month. And not unlike too many of his cases, this one comes with a dame in sheep's clothing.” ---hets is a very fast, very difficult platformer about shooting monsters in dark randomized caves.After each cave treat yourself to a well deserved rest and an upgrade that will help you fend off the ever increasing amount of beasts you encounter. What is actually the deal with those statues by the way?---LAZA KNITEZ!! is a fast-paced jousting deathmatch game for up to 4 players. Teleport to the neon-lit ALL CAPS technofuture and challenge your friends to mind-blowing hypercombat.Fire your laser-lance from a distance, get up close and personal to impale your foes or use 7 different power-ups to your tactical advantage.---Guide a cube-headed hero through a mind-bending world, with levels designed to challenge your ideas of space. Discover a portal to the mysterious Warp Zone, and reveal the truth behind the Dark Stranger.p.s. Our trailer music is 'Please Listen Carefully' by the uber-talented Jahzzar: http://betterwithmusic.com/						