
							About This Content
							From PVGames comes an exciting new pack centered around the wild west and the enigmatic Steampunk universe. Wild Steam is a modular set which offers a large variety of pieces that can be used again and again to create completely unique visuals. A true playground for artists and designers alike, this set is a must-have for any Steampunk enthusiast! In this pack you will find essentials needed to create all of your own custom Walking spritesheets in 4 and 8 directions (8 frames of animation), Idle animations in 4 and 8 directions, Pose sets, Running spritesheets in 4 and 8 directions, Busts, Facesets (both have 8 emotional states), Paperdolls, and most excitingly ANIMATED SIDE-VIEW BATTLERS! Yes, you can create thousands of unique animated Side-View battlers utilizing over 70 different animations, All character animations in 2nd Generation packs have been remastered to give you much higher quality movement than ever before.But wait, there's more! You can create your own horses, and even cooler, your own high-powered Automatons, switching around a number of different torso and leg pieces for a total of 128 unique combinations (which will increase when more pieces are released!). This pack contains:10 Base character templates -5 males, 5 females, all of varying ethnicity including some fantastical - each base has walking, running, idle, pose, animated battler spritesheets, 8 busts, facesets, and a paperdoll.Over 200 clothing and equipment options that fit the base templates and all of their resources.24 Automaton pieces, plus a bonus Steam Dragon!3 Base horse templates plus add-on saddle and saddlebags.Nearly 700 Steam Machine pieces for you to build your own various Steam (or other) powered devices, machines, and contraptions! It's like Legos without the pain when you step on them!About 20 Tilesets containing numerous indoor, outdoor, cave, shop, home, and mechanical tiles, plus an additional 19 animated character spritesheets (there is even an animated tumbleweed!)Also included is a RPG Maker VX Ace Demo with a few sample maps and several Tilesets set up and ready to go with passability set. Also included are a set of modular scripts from the RPG Maker Forum's very own Dekita which give you a great deal of control over your character's animations and spritesheets. Further, there are several How-To guides for utilizing some of these resources as well as two template files to help aid you with building your Animated battlers.						