
							About This Content
							If you are looking for great value combined with effective equipment and bonuses, look no further. The Ultimate Steam Starter Pack provides you with ample opportunity to survive in Survarium. -Includes-The Unique SKS “Arrow Head” in Steam CamoA sniper rifle for all occasions. Light-weight, incredible stopping power and decent size magazine, this weapon will provide you with years of reliable and deadly service.Bonuses of this item include: All weapon modules unlocked?? Random modifier?? Random modifier?? Random modifier+25% SilverThe Unique AKM “Avenger” in Steam CamoA military masterpiece from the former Soviet Union; this weapon will never let you down. It’s sturdy, strong, doesn’t overheat and can fire multiple types of ammunition. Bonuses of this unique item include: All weapon modules unlocked?? Random modifier ?? Random modifier ?? Random modifier+25% SilverA Steam-exclusive Uzi “Shadow”This weapon has long been a favorite choice of not only Survivors but especially the Black Market. Selected for its reliability and compact size, this weapon is a great asset to anyone in need of protection. Bonuses of this item include:+25% Silver (in-game currency)?? Random Modifier?? Random Modifier?? Random ModifierA Steam-exclusive MR-27M Lancaster “Thunderbolt”This shotgun features incredible damage with a medium range. A weight just heavy enough to know you’re holding sometime substantial but light enough for easy maneuverability. Adds great variety of choice in battle as a second equipment-profile!Bonuses of this item include: +25% Silver (in-game currency)?? Random modifier?? Random Modifier?? Random Modifier7 Days PremiumAdvance your character. Gain extra experience, silver, faction reputation etc.Bonuses of this item include:+50% Silver+50% Reputation+50% Experience+1 Additional Equipment Profile30 000 in-game SilverUse this currency to purchase equipment, weapons, Medkits and more! Spend it wisely!An Animal Skull Decal Place this anywhere on your character's armor or pants.Skull & Crossed Swords DecalPlace this anywhere on your character's armor or pants.						