
							About This Game
							Take part of history’s greatest battle of Green VS. Tan. Fight amongst and against others online. Jump, shoot and roll your way into victory with fast paced objective based gameplay. Sometimes the greatest battles are fought by the smallest of soldiers.The Mean Greens is a 3rd-person shooter played from the perspective of toy army soldiers. Match up with others online for some friendly multiplayer competition. Enjoy a huge battle of up to 10 players in each environmentally unique map.10 Modes10 Maps6 Weapons5v5 Multiplayer BattlesFull Controller SupportVoice ChatText ChatParty MatchmakingDedicated Servers What does a bathtub, sunken boats, rubber ducks and a giant octopus have in common? The Mean Greens Bathtub Bash that’s what! Hop onto the floating rubber ducks and ride to the sunken ships in the middle of the map. Avoid crossfire, grab a flag off of the ship, and carry it to your base. The team with the most flags at the end of the round wins. It’s game night! As The Mean Greens battle against each other in an all-out paper-craft war, more than dice will roll across this table. Go head-to-head as tan and green teams fight for control of the city. The objective is simple, be the first team to reach 30 kills. Even a beautiful aquatic adventure has its dangers. Run over aquarium décor and capture flags in sunken ruins as you square off in an underwater playground. Fight your way across the duel bridges to steal the flag that sits in the sunken temples. This map puts a whole new twist on the traditional capture the flag mode with its “Low – gravity” action and captivating nautical theme. It’s full on war to conquer the countertop in this decked out kitchen! Push the other team’s cup off the counter and destroy their only way to zipline into your territory. The mood is a bit chilly as you fight your way through this food-filled freezer. Everyone melts the ice cube in the center to get to the lower level, and then it’s a mad rush as you try to free your frozen dinosaur before the opposing team releases theirs. This train is leaving the station with or without you! Enjoy this Christmas themed level while you travel over holiday sweets to claim your capture points on this nostalgic toy train. It’s tug-of-war, as both tan and green teams battle back and forth to maintain control of all three capture points. This farm style soccer match is a new take on Foosball that you’ve never experienced before. Shoot, blast, and push the ball into the enemies’ barn to score the most points. Don’t drop the ball and watch out for the moving 3-rod pigs and cows. Got game? Explore a colorful world on top of chessboards, boxes, and racetracks. Hold the center of the map in this traditional King of the Hill game mode.  Just don’t get hit by the other team or the racing cars. It’s birthday time, but the other team is full of party-poopers that don’t want the festivities to begin. Fight your way up the cake and start the celebration by lighting all the candles on each layer. The attacking team must jump from the gelatin launch pad and onto the multi-layered cake to light each candle. The defending team must fend off the other team’s attempts to light each wick until time is up. Turn the tables on your opponent in this death match. Be as crafty as you can to survive and mark your territory. Perfect the art of combat and chalk up those points to make it into the Champions Circle!						