
							About This Game
							
                    Tradewinds Odyssey, the latest installment in the highly-acclaimed Tradewinds series, takes you on an adventurous journey across ancient Greece, where gods, heroes and monsters of legend await. 
                    Guide five unique heroes - the Athlete, Cynic, Priestess, Minotaur and Goddess - as you embark on over 50 chapters and quests, encountering characters both strange and familiar. Take part in trading like never before by creating and spreading goods to new lands as you build, strengthen and upgrade your fleet into a powerful force unrivaled in the Aegean! Cast powerful spells bestowed upon you by the gods, or use your unique Hero’s Talent to demolish your opponent in battle.
                    Your adventure begins today… in Tradewinds Odyssey!
                    
                    Play as 5 unique characters, each with an original storyline
                    Create and customize your own character
                    Spread, create and trade over a dozen exotic goods
                    New ramming feature available in sea battle
                    Achieve great feats and build your rank
                    
                     
                    
                    Adventure awaits you in Tradewinds Caravans™, the latest installment in the acclaimed Tradewinds Series. As the Middle Ages unfold in the West, cultural centers and merchants across Asia are linked together by an ancient trade route – stretching from the shores of the Mediterranean Sea to China – known as the legendary Silk Road. 
                    Guide six brave heroes as they navigate treacherous terrain swarming with dangerous bandits. Follow their intriguing adventures as they trade exotic goods and engage in real-time battles, all while building the most powerful trading caravan the world has ever seen. Embark on challenging quests, hire fiercely loyal warriors for protection and explore a long-lost world teeming with tantalizing secrets, hidden cities and legends of mythical creatures.
                    Your adventure begins today… in Tradewinds Caravans!
                    
                    6 unique characters with dozens of individual storylines 
                    Customize your gameplay with special items found during exploration
                    All-new weapons and character-specific powers 
                    Sandlot Games’ signature humor!
                    						