
							About This Game
							A fiendish warlock has kidnapped the princess, countless legions of darkness have invaded the kingdom, and you're the only one strong enough to defeat the forces of evil. Fight your way through dungeons littered with dangerous traps, equip your character, learn various skills and spells, defeat hordes of monsters, and save the kingdom from ruin.The Warlock’s Citadel is a turn-based game in which the player control a single character. The game features a logical and easy-to-understand character-development system that still allows you to develop your own unique playstyle. The monsters you face, which have various modes of behavior and abilities, will frequently drive you into a corner and force you to think carefully and develop a successful strategy in order to extricate yourself from a difficult situation. Character stats are evenly balanced and influence your playstyle.Dungeons are randomly generated each time you start a new game. The level map, items, monsters — every aspect of your in-game surroundings changes, creating the potential for unlimited replay ability. You’ll encounter unique bosses and a horde of tough monsters. In addition to the four base classes, over ten mixed character classes with their own stats and skillsets can be unlocked. The game features a wide variety of weapons and armor that can have various magical characteristics, as well as unique items. You can also collect item sets called “garbs” that provide you with new possibilities.Key features:  The citadel's dungeons are randomly generated for each new playthrough.  Four base classes: warrior, rogue, mage, and cleric, each of which has its own playstyle. Over ten unlockable mixed classes.  An original RPG system with over 30 skills and spells.  A rage meter that is required for certain special skills.  Each monster has its own unique behavior, skills, and spells. Varied mazes full of traps that can change the flow of the game.  A mix of exciting adventure and turn-based tactical combat.  Item sets; cursed and unique items.  An amazing art style 						