
							About This Game
							One of Destructoid’s top indie games to look for in 2016.This is TASTEE: we do take out.You are the director, you will coordinate a master plan using every tool at your disposal. Off the books, unsanctioned and highly illegal, you’ll be doing the dirty work the government can’t.They are elite, elusive, and deliciously dangerous. Independents and rogues, these mercs do not play well with others and we’re going to cram them all into your rundown diner: TASTEE. They’re an unruly powder keg waiting for a spark...but fortunately most of these guys like explosions. This is your team. Your job is to recruit these hired guns and form the TASTEE team; use them to orchestrate missions to take down the Cartel. Misfits and outcasts, each merc has refined their own personal MO when it comes to death and destruction. Their unique set of skills is exactly what you’ll need to steal guns, interrupt supply lines, save hostages, formulate traps, and execute epic gunfights on your mission to take down The Cowboy - the big boss responsible for a global crime epidemic. Lethal tactics have been authorized… Good luck.FEATURE SET Single Player Mission Mode: 30 Missions across 10 locations Recruit mercs, each with their own unique skillsetMission Leaderboards - Replay missions, best your own scores and top others’ to climb the global leaderboards.A Diverse Roster of 12 Mercenaries, Each with Their Own Special Abilities and WeaponsEach character has their own particular skill set, their expertise ranging from clever gadgets to lethal combat abilities4 distinct character classes: Gunmen, Snipers, Shotgunners, BombersMix and match your mercenaries to create the optimal squad for each situationCoordinate attacks by pairing units with complementary skills and abilities. For example, Linus breaks through walls, attacking from unexpected locations and opening paths for teammates; pair his skills with Bodark's swift disarming shot to take enemies by surprise and leave them vulnerable. 10 Unique, Randomized Tactical Maps: Rich, detailed locations highlight dramatic cat-and-mouse armed encounters. Destructible environmental objects - Destroy doors and cover objects to alter the playing field. Randomized Maps Elements - Destructible object placement is randomized on all maps, creating different pathways and strategy possibilities for each match. Learn the maps to formulate strategies - Find ideal sniper locations, quick getaways and lanes to lead your opponent into an ambush.Competitive Online Multiplayer Play: ELO-ratings based global leaderboards - Defeat other players in the community to move up the rankings and become #1!Asynchronous Online Matches - Play Head-to-Head matches asynchronously - submit your turns at your own pace. E-mail notifications inform you when it's your turn and when someone has challenged you to a match.Cage Matches - Play Head-to-Head matches live - submit your turns before the timer runs out.  Daily Mission: Single Player ChallengeA new single player mission every dayThe squad configuration, map, rule set, and enemies are all randomized each day - It'll be a surprise every time!You get one try per dayPass or fail, you get a score that is registered to the daily leaderboardShare your Best Match Replays: Just won an incredible match? Share the replay with other Lethal Tactics players!Practice Mode: Play full matches versus AI. Practice your tactics and test unit combinations. Steam Achievements: Play all modes to earn them all!						