
							About This Game
							Iggy’s Egg Adventure is a prehistoric platformer 75 million years in the making. You play as Iggy, a baby Velociraptor who must rescue his mother from her evil caveman captors, while collecting as many of her eggs as you can along the way. Iggy’s Egg Adventure has a classic platform feel with stylized 3D graphics on a modern gaming engine.This baby dino isn’t alone. Play through the game as Terry, Perry, Patrick, and Phredrick, four other dinos with their own unique skills. Fly through the air as Terry, spit acid as Phrederick, bash some skulls with Patrick, and try not to run screaming as Perry in a new way to play.Key FeaturesUnleash the Beast: Okay well maybe “beast” is a bit much for this little guy, but don’t underestimate those claws! Bite, sprint, and leap your way through dozens of enemies and obstacles in your quest to save Iggy’s mother and reclaim her stolen eggs.The Vast World: They didn’t call it a supercontinent for nothing. Explore over 18 levels of awesome dino action in 6 different zones including the Plains, Jungle, Arctic and more!Like a Boss: Bosses, you want them, Iggy’s got them. Face off against a Bull Pachy, Giant Scorpion, and a bunch of other tough muddas that are sure to put your skills to the test.Time Attack: Test your skills against the clock in "Time Attack" mode for each level and earn Bronze, Silver, or Gold eggs based on your results.Secret Eggs: Find and collect hidden eggs throughout the world to unlock characters and costumes in game.Costumes: More eggs equal more ways to play. Unlock new outfits for your characters by collecting the hidden eggs scattered throughout the game.Controllers Encouraged: Iggy was designed to play like the classic platformers we all grew up with; Iggy plays best with a controller, so plug in a Microsoft® Xbox 360 or other compatible controller and get platforming!Rockin’ Beats: Enjoy Iggy’s original soundtrack, inspired by classic platformer music, with a modern twist. Check it out at Fat Bard's website.						