
							About This Content
							BLOOD BRAWL is the first free DLC for Bloodsports.TV, including two new maps, four new items, a new boss as well as a brand new game mode: Blood Brawl!New Game Mode - BLOOD BRAWLDo you hate BoxBots? Of course you don’t, but unfortunately the BLOOD BRAWL arenas are too small for these glorious fearsome cubed warriors. In BLOOD BRAWL the Gladiators are locked into a smaller arena and are surrounded by enemies with only one goal in mind...to slay!No lanes, no BoxBots, nowhere to hide.2 New LevelsThe Bonesand PlateauThis former beach resort was sold to Bloodsports.TV when the owners realized they were on a mountaintop with no access to water. Now it is a site for brutal gladiatorial combat. The vegetation appreciates the increase in moisture. This level has four gates with lanes that all converge on the missile like a funnel.The CageThis old latrine storage facility turned entertainment hub is truly a hive of scum and villainy. Bloodsports.TV contributes to the fun by staging brawls on uneven Saturdays. This is a BLOOD BRAWL arena. Survive for as long as you can. Dead teammates stay dead and when all Gladiators are dead you lose.New Boss Homeguard Captain KikkiCaptain Kikki brings his own brand of psychotic fury to the Bonesand Plateau and The Cage arenas. He used to be a happy go lucky military brat until the mountainside village he liked to call home was “accidentally” hit by a Bloodsports.TV missile. While we maintain that the smoldering crater is a visual improvement, Captain Kikki appears to disagree.4 New ItemsSalvaged Circuit BoardBuilds into Botjacker ‘Anna’ 4000 and Super-Duper Nailgun. For the cost of 1250 you gain 20 Tech Power and 8% Critical Chance.Super-Duper Nailgun What makes this Nailgun Super-Duper? Why it shoots nails of course. Its activated ability shots nails in a cone that does 200% of your Tech Power in damage and cause enemies to bleed. On top of that it passively inflict enemies you shoot with Perforated which cause another 100% of your Tech Power as damage and causes bleed. For a meer 3925 this beauty is yours and it also gives 70 Tech Power, 10% Critical Chance and additional 35% Critical Damage.Cosmic RelayCosmic Relay boosts nearby allies with an additional 25% Vamp Strike and 10% increased movement. It also lowers its owners threat level and if that doesn't work its owner will go out with a bang...quite literally. When an Gladiator dies with Cosmic Relay they explode dealing 1000 damage and 15% of their maximum health as damage to all nearby enemies. It cost 2200 and give additional 60 Tech Power and 300 Energy.  Vigilante CapeThis is a must-have for Gladiators with an superhero complex. Its activated ability targets another Gladiator and transfers 60% of the damage dealt to that Gladiator to the owner of Vigilante Cape. It also lowers Incoming Damage with 5(This include transferred damage). For 4200 you also gain 850 Health, 400 Energy, 4 Energy Regeneration and 10% Armor.						