
							About This Game
							Angels Fall First is a first person combined-arms sci-fi wargame.AFF focuses on team-oriented tactical gameplay and objective-based scenarios with a high degree of replayability, featuring:Wide selection of weapons and tools, ground vehicles and spacecraft to fight with.Diverse combat opportunities - assume point to clear a building, hunt with a frigate wolfpack as a lineship captain, issue orders from the bridge of your battleship.Fully operational and pilotable capital ships with playable interiors.Unique combination of spaceship and infantry combat - board spacestations, shipyards and vessels to capture or destroy them from the inside.Dogfighting using space interceptors and bombers, launched from capital ships and stations.Gameplay mechanics designed as a mix of modern elements (customization, loadouts, persistence) and inspirations from classic shooters (frantic, fast-paced firefights).Commander mode for issuing orders to your squadmates and teammates.Full AI support - all scenarios can be played both offline and online identically, supporting up to 64 players or bots filling in for the players if required.Rich science fiction universe setting.Another space game?Well, we've been doing this a long time - AFF has been a rich universe of fiction and art since 2005. We made a Homeworld mod, and kept building from there. Work started on an Unreal Tournament 2004 mod, but was then ported over to UT3 in 2007, culminating in a 3rd place grand prize in 2009's MakeSomethingUnreal contest. Angels Fall First as a standalone game is, for us, a mission to enable the player to do as much as possible in a vast environment - whilst still retaining the focussed, fun experience of match based FPS games. Way back in the back-whens, we loved Tie Fighter. A little later on, we loved Battlefield. We waited patiently for the game which would inevitably unite the vast scale and spacefights with the close and personal firefights and thunderous vehicle battles... But it never really appeared. Many games came close, but there was always some part missing. You couldn’t get out of your spaceship, you couldn’t get into your spaceship, you had big spaceships but you couldn’t run around in them, you could run around in your big spaceship but you couldn’t fly it and so on and so forth and gahd damMIT! Where was our spacefight groundfight game?So, we set ourselves to work. AFF exists because it MUST exist. Only in AFF can you spawn in your crew quarters, run to the bay watching the space fight out of the windows, launch a dropship, fight through the defenders to the enemy flagship, breach the hull, run and gun your way to the bridge and SHOOT THE ENEMY CAPTAIN IN THE BACK OF THE NECK. Calm Down!Ok. But it's this slightly twitchy passion which has driven us to create such a monster. We grew old making this, and we got grumpy watching everyone else release their cool games or whatever. We're from a time when games were about blowing stuff up for points and glory and now FINALLY we want to go out there and share this crazy passion with all of you!						