
							About This Game
							Couch Fragger Shooter Action for 2-4 Local Players   Frantic local multiplayer, twitch style arena shooting action!   Multiple playable characters. Play as the faithless Preacher, the desperate Demon, the Heavenless Angel, the Antichrist Deceiver, the peace keeping Nun or even Death himself.   Choose from multiple game modes, including free-for-all and team based modes.   Battle it out in 4 different interactive environments, with 10 arenas each, featuring unique environmental hazards and mechanics.   Pick up randomly dropped tarot cards that can either bring you good luck to you or your team in the form of a temporary power-up, or can curse your opponents, giving you a competitive edge.   Deflect bullets back at your opponent with your shield.   Dash across the arena to make a quick escape or a trail blazing kill.   Master shotgun jumping to reach high platforms and create shortcuts.   An original soundtrack by VHS Glitch, famed synthwave composer.   Featuring the epic voice of Jon Bailey from Honest Trailers.Singleplayer & Local Co-op Enemy Wave Mode   Fend off the Devil's army and prevent the end of times in a 1-2 player enemy wave mode.   Face off against 6 different types of enemies.   Fight in 5 different unlockable arenas and fight your way to an epic boss battle against the Devil himself.   Collect the souls of your enemies and earn a 1UP.Multiple Competitive Game Modes   Classic Deathmatch.   Classic Team Deathmatch.   Soul Reaping, where each player fights to increase their pool of souls by draining other players of theirs.   Team Soul Reaping, where each team shares the same pool of souls.   Capture the Soul, a variant on classic capture the flag where players fight for control of the single soul in order to capture it.   Team Capture the Soul.   Last Soul Standing, where players have only one life and fight in round based combat.   King of the Soul, where you fight to maintain control of the single soul, earning a point for every 5 straight seconds you have control.   Team King of the Soul.Multiple Arenas & Environments   Fight at Death’s Cemetery and uncover each labyrinth's hidden passages and secret hideaways while avoiding booby traps.   Square off in the abstract and bizarre caves of Hell, using portals to traverse levels.   Showdown on the rooftops and streets of a mega city, avoiding long drops and managing moving platforms.   Confess your sins, then commit a bunch more, before the church altar.						