
							About This Software
							Open a window to the oceanWhat you’re about to open is not merely a computer program. The window you open extends from your desktop to an open ocean with no end. Presented to you is not simply arrays of illuminating bright dots, but rather, you would see Palette surgeonfish and Pennant coral fish staring back at you fearlessly under your curious gaze.Groups of fish swimming and chasing one another, as if they are flowing silk scarves in the ocean current. Sunshine penetrates through the ocean and onto the blue coral reefs, painting a misty glamorous scene.Feel free to tickle every fish, feed them well so that they do not get hungry, or you can call upon sharks to play some harmless virtual pranks.You may also pick a few pieces of lovely music for your play list and let Aqua Real 2 lull you into a sense of carefree existence.There is no virtual creation that can replace a real grain of sand or a real droplet of water. But while you are deeply immersed in the joy and the peace of Aqua Real 2, you will soon realize that even a virtual world can touch your heart.Back to the oceanPerhaps it comes from a deep-seated admiration for the ocean. We tried hard to put every marine species into this aquarium. Hopefully, by watching them everyday, we bring our lives closer to nature. And at the same time, we too can imagine ourselves swimming in a clear gentle sea. But most of us have to work hard every day, and dream only of lying on a white sandy beach, embraced in the gentle ocean breeze under the clear blue sky while taking a deep gasp in between our busy work schedule.Wait, there is another way we might be able to change your life. Get a copy of “Aqua Real 2”, and let not only your vision, but also your psychology answer to the voice from deep within your heart. That is right! This time, Aqua Real 2 turns your vision from the aquarium to the ocean. There are schools of tropical fish swimming around glamorous coral reefs and rocks under the ocean blue. Sunshine falls through the sea, lands on the reefs and on the fish.As you watch, a group of fish swim swiftly seeking for food. Sometimes a moonfish or a sailfish might show up while freely enjoying the open ocean. With deeper and wider terrain to explore, there are a lot of surprises waiting for you to uncover, even more than in Aqua Real.More fish detailThe fish from Aqua Real 2 are no longer simple polygons and fuzzy images. With the power of the next generation Aqua Real 2 biological engine, there are more delicate shots and more detailed displays. The picturesque view of the swimming fish is as lifelike as it can be. Fish operculum heave slowly with each breathing motion, and the eyeballs roll agilely like a real live fish in front of you.They swim swiftly like floating clouds or flowing water, and they will suddenly stop and catch the food you spray out. You can also see the Palette Surgeonfish’s dorsal fin sticking up due to the decrease in the current pressure. Different kinds of fish have different swimming postures. Each of them have specialized skills, like the glowing colors of derma glossing and its detailed realistic outline model, demonstrating various lifelike traits of sea fish.Most of all, this is not a film nor an anime. It is an eco-simulated program, a virtually created reality built with a well designed framework after extensive research into the domain. Every scene of every single second is unpredictable and non-repeatable. Yes, these are real ocean fish. They are the marine animals freely roaming in a marine world you have been dreaming of.More alive clineAll the tropical fish in Aqua Real 2 no longer always swim around in groups. Some of them live alone, some of them swim in groups. Occasionally they even attack one another due to the basic instinct of territorial aggression. They also swim for their lives when they sense sharks lurking nearby.Have you ever seen instant calculator anemone? In order to make coral reefs more realistic in Aqua Real 2, we have developed a realistic and efficient “anemone-clown fish cline module”. It includes a physics operation animalism module. It even represents natural libration movements while it swims through anemone tentacles. The perfect components in Aqua Real 2 await your exploration.The occasional appearance of Moonfish and Sailfish cruising freely is refreshing. You can watch schools of fish swimming. You can even summon sharks to visit your coral reefs through the Aqua Real 2’s interactive menu. This is not all there is to it. Hermit crabs crawl to the top of the reef, beautiful sea slugs slowly appear on some corners of coral reefs; all in all, they enrich the whole cline, making it a lot more vivid and a lot more colorful.						