
							About This Game
							Hired Ops is a session-based online shooter dedicated to fierce conflicts between rival mercenary groups battling on a global scale from Russian developer AbsolutSoft. Using the latest weapons and special equipment, players take part in armed encounters, unite into private military companies, carry out contracts, build bases and aggressively compete with each other - all for the sake of domination in the world mercenary market. Players are free to choose from any of the five different fighter classes, each featuring an elaborately crafted skill system and an arsenal rich in weapon variety and weapon modifications. Hired Ops includes a diverse mix of game modes, including the "Enhanced Realism" mode.Special attention is given to the opposing clans and their strife. This opens an opportunity for players to establish a name for themselves and their forces in order to achieve supreme success in the marketplace of private military corporations.Game features:  Dangerous flashpoint missions - Engage in lightning-fast assaults of fortified areas, search and destroy missions against VIP operators, stealthy night ops using night vision devices and thermal imaging sights, and the total neutralization of the enemy forces in "Elimination" modeAcquire unique skills - A multipath skill tree allows players to fine-tune their character to suit their play-style, turning operators either into a noiseless reconnaissance agent, a ruthless combatant or something in-betweenCharacter customization system - Change your character's appearance, from general physical features to camo sets. Camouflage is not just decorative, but can be an important factor in mission success.Players are also free to add other visually distinguishing features to help their characters visually stand out among other mercs. An extensive and customizable arsenal - Over a hundred designs based on modern small arms and more than 80 different modifications for them are available to playersThe true spirit of the merc - Every player picks their contracts, carries out the hardest tasks and increases their reputation in the market of PMCs! It is entirely up to the player on how much they will earn, what their future contracts will be and where will they rank among their friends and foes.A global-scale battle - Battle through a Russian emergency satellite facility, an Arctic research station, an abandoned desert village, an office complex, a railway station and many other locations on a worldwide battlefieldAdvanced tactical capabilities - Realistic combat tactics, including recoil control, peeking out,combined scopes, laser designators and flashlights, calls for support, use of specialized ammunition and devices are all going to contribute to your success or failure as a PMC operator.Competitive Hardcore mode - It doesn't get any more realistic than this ...combatants suffer persistent wounds, contusions and other injuries that affect gameplay and combat capabilityPersonalized PMC (private military company) - Players will be able to build bases for upgrading special clan skills and extra clan-based contracts. PMC's will also have access to unique weapons, modules and camouflages as rewards. About AbsolutSoft AbsolutSoft is a privately-owned Russian game development studio, established in St. Petersburg, Russia in 2010. The company has previously released the browser-based online FPS Contract Wars, which won the attention of 48 million players worldwide. In 2016, AbsolutSoft moved its headquarters to Moscow and focused on the development of Hired Ops.						