
							About This Game
							THE GAMEFrom the Baltic to the shores of the Pacific and through the arid steppes of Central Asia, relive on PC the biggest civil war ever!October 1917. The Bolshevik Revolution starts a tidal wave that will sweep the whole of the XXth century. But the birth of the Communist regime was not an easy walk, and it faced dozens of tough but often unknown oppositions which did their utmost to destroy it in its infancy, in an amazing conflict where a central side is attacked from all corners and directions.Make the Reds side triumph to save the Soviet Proletarian revolution, or, on the other side, lead the Whites side to victory in order to place the old regime back in power and protect the countries of Europe, weakened by the Great War, from the perils of the revolution.Revolution Under Siege GOLD is the first complete historical simulation on PC of the Russian Civil War between 1917 and 1923. A wealth of historical events and geopolitical options, real or possible according to the player's choices, will bring a realistic tempo to the maneuver of your forces and those of your opponents.Revolution Under Siege GOLD has been designed by a French team, with the aid of volunteers from all over the world, all dedicated fans and contributors of the historical strategy games from AGEod.FEATURES A map of unrivalled precision covering the whole of Russia and its neighbours, from Poland to the Pacific Ocean. Be immersed in historical realism: hundreds of officers, from Trotsky to Semenov, and many more units, from Red Guards to Cossacks are faithfully represented in the game. Politics, requisitions, revolts, repression: Gain support of the population or pressure them with your political police. Cleverly use the brand new weapons of the time: tanks, armoured trains and aircraft. Recruitment, organization: Create massive armies and divisions from groups of volunteers, train and use them in ambitious plans for victory. Use diplomacy to trigger foreign nations entry in the war or attack neighbouring neutrals. New allies on all sides will endlessly change the course of your games! Enjoy unique campaigns covering each one of the years of the war in Russia, as well as the Finnish Civil War (1918) or the Russian-Polish war (1920). Or rewrite history with a what if scenario set in an alternative post-WW1 world in 1921.WHAT IS NEW IN REVOLUTION UNDER SIEGE GOLDDozens of new historical events and semi-historical ones to give a permanent flavor to your gamesA myriad of new options and game mechanisms to immerse you even more in the Russian Civil WarA wealth of new geopolitical options, historical or alternate historical according to the player's choices, which impact resources, popularity and diplomacy to involve various playable factions.A Chronology of all the Events and Options of the game, so that players can prepare to the strategic choices they will have to do. New updated manuals in English, French, Russian with details rules and design analysisA new updated Strategic map useful for your AAR and PBEM.Dozens of big fixes and game balance additions, as well as hundreds of minor improvements based on the last 4 years of players experience and feedback,						