
							About This Content
							First designed in the 1990s, the Talent truly is the forefront of modern European transportation for both passengers and drivers alike. With such sparks as the ever-successful Talent 2 in its legacy, the Austrian Federal Railway can be proud of operating such a uniquely versatile EMU. Be prepared to experience this modern passenger workhorse for yourself as the ÖBB 4023, from Partner Programme developer RSSLO, is now ready for service in this Pro Series Add-On for Train Simulator.ÖBB ordered their Talent EMUs from Bombardier in the early 2000s as a modern helper to their ageing ÖBB 4020 fleet. While a majority of the order was comprised of the four-car variant, the ÖBB 4024, a handful of three-car variants were also part of the bill. The three-car Talents were classified as the ÖBB 4023 and were designed to serve more rural routes where passenger numbers were lower and platforms were not suitable for their longer siblings.After addressing comfort issues raised by the passengers, the ÖBB 4023 was a network-wide success. Its powerful nature and generous capacity made them ideally suited for routes such as the Semmeringbahn, being able to effortlessly crawl up and down the winding rails in all conditions.The ÖBB 4023 provides a very smooth journey thanks to its shared Jacob’s bogies, both reducing drag and increasing safety at the same time. When combined with a streamlined profile, the ÖBB 4023 set foot in a new era of efficiency while traversing the Austrian landscape. It will not be long until this experience will be wholly your own, as the ÖBB 4023 will be coming to Train Simulator.The ÖBB 4023 EMU add-on features the three-car EMU in the distinctively-modern ÖBB red and grey livery, complete with a variety of comprehensive procedures such as a full start-up sequence from battery panel to master key. A selection of challenging scenarios is included for the Semmeringbahn  route (available separately) to test your skills in this modern Austrian traction.ScenariosThe ÖBB 4023 ‘Talent’ EMU Add-on includes three challenging career scenarios for the Semmeringbahn route:	Morning train to Payerbach	Local train over the Semmering	Cold winter day with TalentMore scenarios are available on Steam Workshop online and in-game. Train Simulator’s Steam Workshop scenarios are free and easy to download, adding many more hours of gameplay. With scenarios being added daily, why don’t you check it out now! Click here for Steam Workshop scenarios.Key Features	Authentic and prototypical simulation of the Talent EMU, including electrical, safety and control systems setup	Accurate and highly detailed cab featuring PZB 90 and SiFA in-cab safety systems, door interlock, cruise control, electrical system control and much more	PZB 90 control panel for setup of the driver monitoring system	Three challenging career scenarios for the Semmeringbahn route	Quick Drive compatible    Download Size: 50.8 MB						