
							About This Content
							General Electric’s “Dash 7” line of diesel locomotives was introduced in 1976 and promised better fuel efficiency, and improved reliability as compared to GE’s older generation of famed “U-boats.” The first of the GE Dash 7 line to enter production was the six-axle, 3,000-horsepower C30-7 and the type would also prove the most popular and successful of GE’s Dash 7s, with 1,078 units constructed through 1986. The C30-7 utilized a 16-cylinder version of GE’s proven four-cycle 7FDL-series diesel power plant, stretched 67-feet, 3 inches in length and, depending upon customer specifications, weighed in between 359,000 and 420,000 pounds. The husky GE, which could be employed in a variety of mainline services, was purchased by nine original customers. Among its U. S. buyers, two predecessors of today’s CSX – the Louisville & Nashville and Seaboard Coast Line – purchased a total of 95 C30-7s and it is in CSX’s classic blue, yellow, and gray “YN2” livery that the C30-7 is now available for Train Simulator duty.Virtual Rail Creations (VRC) has created the CSX C30-7 for Train Simulator in an authentic model with advanced controls and a variety of interactive operating features. The CSX C30-7 offers standard and advanced start-up features and is provided in clean and weathered CSX liveries. It also features a working HOT (head-of-train) and EOT (end-of-train) device.    The CSX C30-7 DLC also includes a 100-ton coal hopper in CSX livery and 2-bay covered hoppers in CSX, Chessie System, and Seaboard System schemes, along with four career scenarios for the Miami-West Palm Beach route (available separately and required to play the scenarios). The CSX C30-7 is Quick Drive enabled, giving you the freedom to use the locomotive on any Quick Drive enabled route for Train Simulator.ScenariosFour career scenarios for the Miami-West Palm Beach route: Sandbaggin’	Hobo Special	Scrap Iron Express, Parts 1 and 2More scenarios are available on Steam Workshop online and in-game. Train Simulator’s Steam Workshop scenarios are free and easy to download, adding many more hours of gameplay. With scenarios being added daily, why don’t you check it out now! Click here for Steam Workshop scenarios.Key Features	CSX General Electric C30-7 locomotive in clean and weathered “YN2” liveries	Advanced operating features, including engine start-up procedures	Working HOT and EOT device	2-bay covered hopper in CSX, Chessie System, and Seaboard System liveries	CSX 100-ton open-top hopper	Quick Drive compatible 	Career scenarios for the Miami-West Palm Beach route						