
							About This Content
							Add a touch of Accu-Sim to your FSX:Steam Edition fleet!Accu-Feel enables you to customize numerous aspects of your aircraft’s behaviour, from the level of turbulence and drag rumble experienced in different flying conditions to the amount of tyre screech on touchdown. The name Accu-Feel was chosen because this best described what this product does.You can even control how well or poorly maintained the aircraft sounds! Accu-Feel comes with an easy-to-use user interface enabling you to fine-tune your preferences in the air, on the ground and at sea. From the volume of wind noise caused by opening a cockpit window to the amount of drag experienced when landing on water, Accu-Feel allows you to control your FSX: Steam Edition experience in incredible detail.Back in 2008, A2A Simulations released their first Accu-Sim aircraft add-on, bypassing the core physics engine and replacing them with Accu-Sim coding, providing a new level of realism. The next step was to add the Accu-Sim experience to core FSX aircraft, and this has been achieved with Accu-Feel. Accu-Feel enhances the FSX:Steam Edition flying experience without touching a single file in the FSX directory, which ensures smooth operation without interfering with or altering add-on content.Features Simple, safe non-destructive installation leaves all of your aircraft directories untouched (aircraft.cfg, panel.cfg, etc. are not changed) Works with almost all FSX: Steam Edition aircraft. Tested with both default and over forty 3rd party aircraft.Please note helicopters are not supported. Easy to use GUI (Graphical User Interface) allows for easy and fun aircraft customization. Saves aircraft automatically Built using the Accu-Sim sound system, which is the most powerful sound system available and is already used safely on thousands of FSX installations Ground physics for both on and off pavement for both tricycle and tail dragger airframes bucks your airplane around, making just taxiing a quality experience Dynamic tire screeching and rub sounds tied into the physics of each tire, which makes every landing not just feel different, but sound different. You have more feel for exactly how well you are controlling your aircraft, both big and small. New side forces add even more dynamics when side-loading the landing gear. Runway / pavement seams send dynamic jolts through your airframe that you can both feel and hear Water physics including dynamic wave size and speed, adds immersion for those who love to land on the water Turbulence modeling adds a feel based on our own experiences owning and operating aircraft Physics-driven sound system Cabin sounds from an old classic aircraft (bag of bolts) to the more modern, stronger pressurized tube liners, both on the ground and in the air Dynamic wind gives a strong sense of how your aircraft is flying, giving feel to everything from a glider to a commercial airliner Fuselage drag rumble is dynamically created, recreating the dropping of flaps, gear, or high pressures developed when approaching an airframe's Vne (Never Exceed Speed). Both IAS and Mach limits are simulated Stall buffet and sounds creep in before the airplane stalls, giving you better feel and control of the aircraft while flying “on the edge” Brake squeals and vibrations Open cockpit experience, which allows you to hear the suction of the wind, deep wind, propeller, or turbojet whine when opening a canopy or door						