
							About This Game
							Two Games for the Price of One- Final Approach: Pilot Edition includes a copy of the original Final Approach for Tracked Motion Controllers. If you already purchased the original Final Approach, check your library for your free copy of Final Approach: Pilot Edition Take control of the skies like never before in a full Virtual Reality world! Airplanes on fire, commuter aircraft low on fuel, mid-air collisions, emergency rescues, and military exercises all need your immediate attention. Manage your aircraft and airports in "God Mode" as you tower over large metropolitan airports, tropical islands, and towering cities. Path your aircraft to safety, avoiding air traffic, fierce thunderstorms, and perilous landscapes. Get those planes refueled, repaired, and back in the air as fast as possible. You will need nerves of steel as you zoom down to "Toy Mode" to fight raging aircraft fires, man the guns and missiles of the battleship, and the worst task of all...Luggage Sorting. Don't waste any time, the skies are full of emergencies that only you can manage. Did we mention the Alien Invasion? Welcome to Final Approach!Room-Scale VRNever before has a game used the full capability and power of Room Scale Virtual Space! The sky is full of aircraft of every shape and size, from F16s to Blackhawk Helicopters, WW2 Spitfires and barnstorming bi-wings. We even threw in predator drones and stealth bombers for free! Enjoy over 6 hours of gameplay, mini-games, and free-play modes!Final Approach gives you complete control of the skies around the airports and islands as you tower over the world in what we call "God Mode". Using the HTC Vive or Oculus Touch motion controllers, reach up to grab an aircraft, draw a path from one side of the room to the other, and get the aircraft to their designated runway. In addition to managing the aircraft, the player can use zoom points throughout the game to get up close and personal with various aspects of the terrain. Scale down to real world size, where you can fight roaring fires with water hoses, interact with the guns and missile launchers of battleships, sort luggage, scare off seagulls with air horns and solve puzzles to make your way through the game.GameplayFlying military jets and helicopters in combat and rescue missions while navigating the decks of aircraft carriers and battleships. Take control of the boat guns and missiles as you fight off enemy combatantsTake control of a city airport, managing large commercial and private aircraft. Pilot them down to their appropriate gates while you navigate helicopters and ground crew on various tasks. Fly your rescue and support helicopters around skyscrapers and large office buildings in a towering metropolis as you navigate your way through busy streets to clear traffic jams, fight towering infernos, and rescue stranded citizens.Aircraft include F-16 and F18 fighter jets, DCA-717s, A320 Commercial Jets, Messerschmitts, Spitfires, B2 Stealth Bombers, B17s, Predator Drones, Heli UH 60 Gunners, HH65C Dauphins, Sikorsky Ch-54s, HH-60 Blackhawks and so much more!Story ModeFollow our heroic pilots as they work their way through dangerous missions and hazardous terrain. But they can't do it alone, they need your help. Keep them safe while they help you decipher puzzles and challenges that could lead you to the truth and knowledge of how to stop what could be the world's greatest threat yet, ALIENS!						