
							About This Game
							Warning:This is not your typical game: The Black Watchmen is unlike any other game on Steam. You will have the opportunity to complete tasks unique to PARGs. You must be prepared: There is no virtual world, and you have no in-game avatar. You have an agent name, your wits, and the support of the community, that is all. The game exists in the real world, and many times during missions you will be interacting with real world entities (players, businesses, organizations, etc.). The Black Watchmen is not static; it is progressive, with a constant rollout of new content, created based on the actions of the community. Your choices as a player matter. You decide the story. You will not be able to complete this game alone. Only with the help of the community will you be able to rise through the ranks, and become a veteran agent of The Black Watchmen.The World of The Black WatchmenThe Black Watchmen are a paramilitary group dedicated to protecting the public from dangerous phenomena beyond human understanding: ritualistic murder, occult secret societies, and paranormal activity, to name but a few.As a global organization, The Black Watchmen offer a wide range of skills and services for covert missions anywhere in the world, on behalf of any group, corporation or government that can afford them. Often called in as a last resort, The Black Watchmen pride themselves on their discretion, strength and efficiency.To maintain objectivity in the field, you, as an agent, are never informed of the identity of the client. You are given only mission parameters and told how to distinguish friend from foe, but the lines are often blurred…Gameplay OverviewA traditional video game has clear parameters - it is played on a screen, within a virtual world, and exists solely within that space. A PARG (Permanent Alternate Reality Game), like The Black Watchmen, uses the real world as its game world, blurring the lines between fiction and reality, turning everyday interactions into game mechanics. Interested in field work? During live events, players may have the opportunity to go out into the real world in order to investigate missions and solve puzzles as they unfold.The Black Watchmen storyline is an evolving, user-influenced narrative. Decisions made by players will have a direct impact on the outcome of the story, so while you’re playing, you’re also influencing the direction of the game’s development.Gameplay FeaturesGameplay: Different missions require different skill-sets.Crack ancient codes and investigate bizarre occurrencesJoin a squadron of soldiers investigating a rupture siteHack through the virtual defenses of your enemiesResearch an occult group and uncover hidden connectionsAll Around You: The game is played using coded websites, wikis, phone calls and real world locations.Collaboration: Embedded on as many media outlets, in as many parts of the world, as possible, many of the puzzles can only be solved by collaborating with the community.Mission Hub: An interface that acts as a hub for information, mission briefings, puzzles, and more.Agent Map: See the locations of your fellow agents around the world, and keep an eye out for potential location-based missions.Call for Help: Ask a veteran player for help on a specific puzzle, or team up with others and tackle a mission together. 						