
							About This Game
							Zombie Party is a retro rampage of fun and over-the-top action, while still giving the players a deep and engaging Action-RPG Rogue-like experience! Go on a time traveling adventure, or delve deep into procedural dungeons full of gold, loot, and secrets! Unforgiving boss fights that challenge the players skills and abilities! Upgrade your guns with loads of gun mods and artifacts, find magic spell runes, potions, items, melee weapons, explore 10+ unique biomes each with its own enemies and bosses, discover 150+ unique guns and weapons, launch teddy bears that explode into fire, blow up your friends with heat-seeking missiles, and get to the final zone and try to kill the Dance King.  Travel through Time and different Dimensions in Adventure mode!  Online Multiplayer! Play with your steam friends! Achievements! 50 Unique characters to unlock, each with their own special weapon! 150+ unique guns to discover! Every gun is unique! Fun and intuitive weapon creation/modification system in-game! Procedural Dungeons and Caves to explore with secrets to find! Battle Hordes of Enemies and Fantastic Challenging Bosses! RPG Leveling and permanent stat progression!  Animal AI companions! (to love and help you fight) Items, Potions, and Melee weapons! Rainbow blaster, huge energy beams, incendiary teddy bear launchers, grenade shotguns, and triple-fire rocket launchers! Full Procedural Magic System with Elements! (used along side weapons) Steam Leaderboards! Full Controller Support - Steam Controller support! Overwhelmingly Fun Multiplayer Experience! Profile System that allows for tracking of Stats, Global Gold, Unlocks, and Custom Load-outs! Glossary/Discoveries menu to see everything you've encountered in the game, with a unique description. TONS of fun content to unlock - Characters, Guns, Hats, Pets, etc... Procedurally generated Levels with Destructible Environments! Mod and Customize your guns using a modular weapon builder to create unique weapons of destruction! Intense Gameplay that keeps you on the edge of your seat, and keeps you coming back for more! Loot! Get all the Gold you can! Buy all kinds of upgrades and unlocks! Hidden Easter Eggs and Interactive Environments! More Dungeons! More PVP modes! Story elements! Supergun Creator!  Steam Workshop functionality.Hey guys, I want to make Zombie Party the best game I possibly can, and your support makes this all possible. You guys are amazing! NOTE: If you suffer from epilepsy or are sensitive to flashing lights, please be careful when playing Zombie Party--we have a lot of them!						