
							About This Game
							 What makes AoF Chess Club Different?AoF Chess Club can be played through any web browser, PC, phone, tablet or Smart TV. A one time payment is required for a lifetime access. NO monthly fees or hidden costs. No banner advertisements, bots or pay to win schemes, just chess. AoF Chess Club also has a multi-language option making the game available to other nations. You can now play people from around the world.All real players, no bots or computer AI. Our ranking system is based upon our exclusive steam members and you'll find active players from around the world you can compete with. Multiple games can be played at any given time making the game pace for casual or hardcore players. You can play 10-20 games at once or just one good game at a time, the choice is yours. You can set your play style to Casual, 1 Day or BLITZ and invite players based upon their selected play style.Because our game is browser based, you don't have to worry about losing your game to a sudden application crash.Multiplayer and Multiple Games: Because you can have multiple games playing at once, game matches can be played at your leisure. Each player has 3 days to complete a move before the game is considered abandoned and the opponent can declare that game a win. This is to keep all games fair and active. Our match making system is also simple. You can search for players using our Match Lobby, by joining a club or by looking in our global ranking list.Score and Player Ranking: An Elo score is granted to every player based upon how he/she competes against other players. This score also makes it easy to find fair matches with other players. Our match making system makes it super easy to start multiple games with other players of your similar playing level. All players are also placed on our leader board based upon their Elo score to be ranked among other players.Clubs and Club Ranking: There are 3 clubs based upon language types (English, Spanish, French) and one Tournament club for expert players. Each club has rankings and club chat and you can join or leave a club at any time with no penalty.*You must meet the minimum club requirements to join a club (example: Minimum Elo Score and minimum games completed)Game Stability & Reliability: Our chess game has been tested by hundreds of players and has been proven to be reliable and fully stable. Because the game is browser based and each move stored in our database, no need to worry about losing your game due to a client crash or system error.All players are paid members. This also ensures a sense of fairness in the community and reliability in scoring and ranking.Exclusive to Steam Members: AoF Chess Club is exclusive to the steam community. This means you need a steam account in order to play. You can also link your steam profile to your in game profile so you can easily connect with other players on steam.Recently Added Updates [2.0]: Chat Box - A chat box has been added for each club for members to post chat messages in. You must be in a club to view your club's chat messages and to engage in chat.Match Lobby & Chat - A match lobby has been added where you can select your player style and organize matches with other players.Chess board pieces and board colors - We've added 5 total board pieces with 5 different board colors in total.New award trophies - We updated the amount of trophies you can earn over time.Chess game timer - A timer has been added to the game where you can see how long it's been since the last player's move.Notable Features Include:  This is not just an exclusive chess club, it's a community. Engage in real matches from real players around the world and compete to climb the ranks.  Multiple games and multiple players. Play unlimited games at one time casually or instantly. No monthly fees, banner ads or other revenue generation. Just a one time fee for a lifetime membership.  AoF Chess Club is Steam Exclusive. No players from outside the steam community.  Launches from any web browser. Can be played as a stand alone game from any web browser on any platform. Stability and reliability. Our chess game has been tested by hundreds of players and has been proven to be reliable and fully stable. Because the game is browser based and each move stored in our database, no need to worry about losing your game due to a client crash or system error.						