
							About This Game
							Dungeons & Robots is an Online Action Shooter RPG, where players team up to battle various enemies, collect resources and dominate territories. Features include, fast-paced combat; elaborate crafting and inventory system; customizable characters, weapons, armour, powers and  skills;  procedurally generated environments and items; solo missions, 1-4 player co-op, and guilds. Explore these futuristic dungeons to fight, conquer and dominate.Current Features:
1-4 Multiplayer - Find your posse, explore massive dungeons, complete missions and lay claim to your territory.Procedurally Generated Levels - Force you to stay alert and hope your team has your back. Randomly Generated Equipment -  Allows you to select a variety of items that best matches your play style and efficiently  upgrades your character.Environment - Navigate monster infested dungeons and caverns to kill the enemy and collect valuable crystals.Customization - Modular approach allows you to customize your Character, Armour and Weapons.Guild - Join a Guild to upgrade your character quicker, conquer and control your territory, and compete agains other Guilds.Crafting - Collect crystals and craft "Legendary" items to upgrade your character and create a powerful robot.Weapons - Protect your comrades and obliterate your enemies with  7 awesome Weapon catagories.Enemies - Battle a variety of aggressive enemies and encounter epic boss battles in fast paced action.Single Player - Explore the environments, collect crystals, engage in fierce battles and upgrade your character.Features in Development:
Levels and Maps- 2 massive additional dungeons.Additional Content - Characters, Weapons, Armours and Enemies.Modes - PVP mode, 1 vs.1, 4 vs. 4, and Free Arena.Trading - Auction House. Select Additional Features - Full Controller Support, enhanced player communication and paring, and optimized networking functionality.  Story - Background:
Planet Earth, the once beautiful blue globe and thriving civilization, is now nothing more than a wasteland. Unable to sustain any form of life, the population is destitute of a habitation, and struggling to survive. With no where to run, their only option is a distant space colony, Planet TSI-5, where darkness is tangible and the unknown permeates the air. Upon their arrival, the colonists survey this foreign territory and stumble upon mineral in crystal form. After further examination it becomes evident this is no ordinary crystal. Much time is spent studying and experimenting with this mineral, and eventually the composition of the crystals is decoded, revealing the incredible powers imbued within them. The researchers continue to explore  the most effective methods of extracting various energies from these crystals and their many applications. They name it Pure Crystal, a rather simple name for something retaining powers never witnessed before by the human race; the power of opening portals to parallel universes. It becomes obvious that Pure Crystal  is the key to survival, and a resource worthy waging war over. The colonist engineer a clan of powerful robots whose task is to hunt the nearby planets for large deposits of Pure Crystal.  After an exhaustive search, a planet is discovered with an abundance of Pure Crystal deposits. However, the residents of that planet are well prepared to defend against invaders who want to plunder their valuable mineral. You are one of the robots, and are now tasked to secure and deliver this Pure Crystal back to TSI-5. Make a Guild, fight a war, and bring it home. it is the sole purpose of your creation.						