
							About This Game
							Revolution : Virtual Playspace is a 3D Digital Virtual Tabletop that focuses on co-op Miniatures play. Create your own Maps, Quests, Conversations, Items, Miniatures, Stores, Loot Drop Lists.. and then play your adventures or entire campaigns with up to 10 people as if you were playing a pen & paper or miniatures game around a tabletop, using any rule system you like. With our Battle Rules system you can enjoy single player, multi-player and co-op play. It also offers multiple Playsets to open up the freedom to play many other game types like, Modern Combat, Vehicle Combat, Space Combat, Mech Combat, Zombie Animals and Super Heroes & Villains.The system is fully customizable and rule set agnostic meaning you can use any rule set you wish, even one you have made up yourself. It also supports Square and Hex mapping systems so many game types are playable.   GM & Players (Pen & Paper Games)   Co-op Play   Single Player   Skirmish   Miniature Battles   Map Conquest    Objective Capture   Conquest Wars   Capture and Hold   Custom Game TypesHowever one of the biggest bonus given to owners of Revolution Virtual Playspace is all "Playsets" that are included with the game FREE!    Core Playset (Fantasy)     Conflict Playset (Military)     Omega Playset (Space)     Rampart Playset (Mech Robots)    Rust Playset (Combat Vehicles)    Demigods Playset (Super Heroes / Villains)     Wildz Playset (Cute Zombie Animals) * Family FriendlyContents:Revolution comes with multiple world building "Editors" as well as a multi-player "Playspace" for you to enjoy your creations and the creations of the community.    Map / Campaign Editor (Over 1000+ placeable assets to build your world, this number grows every update!)    Miniature Editor (Create your characters, monsters, stats, units)    Conversation Editor (Any miniature can have any conversation linked to it)    Item Editor (Make your own Items for in game use)    Quest Editor (Create Quests for the players to complete)    Store Editor (Make Stores for your characters to shot at)    Battle Rules Editor (Use this to control the miniatures actions when not a playing character. Allows for Single Player and Co-op module play)    Loot Drop Editor (Randomize loot to be dropped when a miniature is defeated)    GM Rules Editor (Have special rule that may change during play, prepare them here)    Randomizer ([In Game] Randomly choose anything from custom lists you can save before play or generate on the fly)    GM Links ([In Game] Give everyone access to links, images, websites, files, flash mini games, maps, PDFs, Word Documents.. anything you may need in game)    Playspace (The area where you and your friends [Up to 10* players] can enjoy the worlds you create using any rule set you desire. *Broadband Required * Yes, this games menus and some options may be a little rough around the edges, but that's why we are in Early Access. It doesn't make sense to finalize and beautify things when we are still constantly adding more features and content.						