
							About This Game
							Who does not dream of luxury and wealth? In “Luxury Hotel Emporium” this dream is within one’s reach. Start as a small hotelier with a bed and breakfast and rise to an international economy magnate with deluxe hotels all across Europe. The road to an own emporium is stony and many obstacles occur. Schedule wisely, manage with great skill and keep the hotels profitable. Only the right strategy leads to the top of an international successful hotel chain.The first step is always the hardestBefore the player can dream of luxury and wealth, he starts with a badly suited small hotel in one of Europe’s metropolises. First, a cheap property must be bought to build the first hotel. The player can choose properties in three different sizes to place one of nine different hotels onto the ground. Once the quality of services fits to the needs of the customers, the hotel will be profitable in no time and the first expansion can be done. With this approach, the player is able to transform a bunch of small hotels into a hotel chain. But be careful, who expands to fast will go bankrupt in no time.As soon as the first hotels are profitable the international market is waiting. Twelve Metropolises in whole Europe are waiting for the player. The player can buy properties, build hotels and expand his emporium in every single metropolis like Berlin, Munich, Paris or Monaco.Various perspectives of managementAs manager of a hotel emporium the player must make every single decision. It is up to him to decide which employees are hired, which services are offered or how much marketing is needed. The more services are offered, the more starts receives the hotel. As a result the prices can be raised as well. But the quality of services not just raises the prices - also higher costs can be expected. The player must find the balance between services and cost to make his hotel profitable in long terms. As support different advisers guide the player and support him with identifying weaknesses.In “Luxury Hotel Emporium“, the player makes every single decision. Catering, room facilities, maintenance or human resources, everything can be adjusted and optimized by the player. It is all about the details of hotel management in this economic simulation.FeaturesReal-time economic simulation with many details12 different metropolises with landmarksComplete 3D-graphics with zoom and rotation abilities9 different hotels in three different sizesVarious management options from maintenance to marketingComplete service and human resource managementTutorial and interactive in-game supportFour different game modes						