
							About This Content
							Trout Pioneer Pack is a sure hit for the true adventurer! Get out your wild side, wander high into the mountains, explore hidden trails, discover rocky lakes with crystal clear water and prepare to face the challenge of the luscious supple Trout. And boy are you prepared! The Trout Pioneer Pack will give you the taste of a real Trout hunt! Featuring some advanced spinning rod ‘n reel combos and plenty of other Fishing Planet goodies that satisfy the needs of an experienced angler. But keep in mind that even superb tackle alone won’t get the job done. Only your skills and knowledge will land some real Trophy monsters! No need to wait before growing to a certain level to get your hands on some spinning gear and go after the bigger predators.Here’s a few tips:Remember that Trout loves cold, crystal clear water. Look for your Trophies in the mountain lakes near rocks and logs, especially around morning and evening time. Don't forget to check out underwater holes - where the real monster Trout is waiting to be hooked! Make sure to practice and master the twitching retrieve....Profit!Trout Pioneer Pack is a refined (classy) angler’s choice for the outgoing and sophisticated art of trout fishing!Package includes:25000 CREDITS use to purchase new tackle, pay for fishing trips, repairs and any other in-game expenses. 30 BAITCOINS use to purchase advanced fishing tackle, available only for Gold. Spend your Gold wisely! 7-DAY PREMIUM Enjoy seven days of Premium Status and advance your game progress by getting a 50% boost to Experience earned for every fish you catch!RODS ‘N REELS fantastic Spinning combos for Trout fishing:Rods:Aurora 6' 3"Elemental 7' 10"Reels:Callisto MG 2500Prima 2000TERMINAL TACKLEA selection of spinning tackle that you’ll need if you want to enjoy your Trout fishing to the fullest!Bobbers: Oval Bobber (X2), Chubby Bobber (X2)Hooks: Hook #1/0, Hook #2/0, Hook #6, Hook #4, Hook #2, Hook #1Lines: Braid .006", Braid .007", Braid .008", Flur .011", Flur .012", Flur .014" 3280 FEET OF EACHLures: Spinner Beetle, Rainbow Spinner, Ammolite Narrow Spoon, Black Gloss Narrow SpoonJig Tackle: Grub 2", Grub 3", Shad 2", Shad 3", JigHead #1/0, JigHead #2/0, JigHead #2/0EQUIPMENTBasic rod and tackle storing equipment, plus a fish-friendly Keepnet that allows to safely keep or release your catch without causing damage to the fish!You also get our unique Genesis Beta Tester Cap - an exclusive accessory available Trout Pioneer Pack owners on the stages of Steam OBT. The Genesis Cap says it all, no question asked! You were there at the very inception of our Fishing Planet universe!FishHut LComfort Camper Waist CoatFantastic Four Rod CaseGenesis Beta-tester CapFISHING LICENSES (7 days):Advanced Colorado LicenseAdvanced Oregon LicenseAdvanced Alberta LicenseAdvanced Michigan LicenseAdvanced California License						