
							About This Game
							WARSHIFT is the unique mix of the Action, Strategy and Role-playing gameplay elements that forms an innovative game genre. You can build base, manage troops, and then come down to keep your enemy at gunpoint in the dynamic battle and customize your main characters. This unusual gameplay requires a complete change of your play style. The game is developed just by one person, who is both game designer, artist and programmer in this project. He worked hard for more than 5 years to implement a lot of his and the game community's ideas.VIDEO REVIEW by GamingTaylor:https://youtu.be/ugL923d16LkGAMEPLAY VIDEO:https://youtu.be/FUkVOGAQdjABACKGROUND In 2062, the colonial planet “Enigma” was invaded by an aggressive alien race Atroid’s from the parallel world that has gone into our universe through the hypothetical “Gates of Chaos”. This non-material beings were forced to clothe their energy nucleuses in the strong physical shells (exoskeletons), as they needed to have impact on the environment in our world. As a result, they created an army of alien droids which are capable to fight in any environment and at any temperature. The fortifications of the planetary defense line turned out to be not effective against the powerful energy weapon used by the aliens. Soon, the biosphere of the planet felt the destructive power of their deadly attack, and a half of its surface turned into a lifeless desert. The miner colony garrison that was made up of volunteer soldiers suffered huge losses and was urgently evacuated. All resource extraction works on the planet were suspended, and corporations began to bear huge losses. But, after numerous antiwar protests, the government of the Colonial Republic did not want to risk human lives, and scientists had to create an entirely new army of intergalactic operations. The republican fleet and the assault battalion “Delta”, consisting of cyber-guards, heavy machinery and robotic drones-transformers was sent to the planet. The Commanders who have telepathic skills control that steel armada while being aboard the ARKS. For the purpose of their own safety, they are forbidden to leave the ARK. However, they can be directly involved in battles as operators of combat avatars (unmanned combat robotic vehicle).  If any combat avatar gets a critical damage, it will be immediately evacuated and, after a quick repair, again will be sent to the battlefield. But, if the aliens are still able to destroy all the ARKS, the Colonial Republic will lose control of the planet forever..THE AUTHOR'S MESSAGE"I want to thank the game's community for all the feedback, suggestions and support they have given me during the Early Access period. Everyone who helped me make it as awesome as possible, I thank you very much!I came up with idea of this game a long time ago. Once, I'm decided to stop just to dream, but to make it real. Being a professional artist, game designer and programmer, I spent 10 years of my life working for many game companies. Finally I decided to leave my last job, staying home like a hermit for a while, and focusing on my own game title. The game you see here is a result of my personal day to day hard work over a 4 years + 1 year in the Early Access. That was my personal challenge, but I'm pretty sure I can do even more with community’s help. Cheers, Cyril"Please use this form to contact developer directly and for technical support: http://warshift.com/index/contact/0-3Ask question or discuss game on the official community forum:http://warshift.com/forum						