
							About This Content
							Only those who will risk going too far can possibly find out how far one can go… Explore your limitless potential with this Infinite Potential Package! Reassign your items and enchant your gear to their full potential with various potions and remedies.Package Contents5x 95% Option Reset Remedy - Increase your Option Reassignment Rate to 95% with Tonio's services at the Elias Premium Shop.5x Advanced Enchant Remedy - Increase your Enchant Rate by 4% to make powerful equipment. Note: This item cannot be used at the same time as Enchant Remedy.5x Enchant Booster - Further increase your Enchant Rate by 1% for the most important equipments that need the extra boost.10x Enchant Remedy - Increase your Enchant Rate by 2%. Note: This item cannot be used at the same time as Advanced Enchant Remedy.1x Mastercraft Mask - Wear this mask to become a master blacksmith, increasing your Enchant rate by 2%.1x Swift Craftsman Title Guidebook - Become renowned across Jiendia as a craftsman with this title, increasing your Enchant Rate by 2%.How to RedeemTo redeem your item package and receive your items, please follow these simple steps after making your purchase:Right-click La Tale in your Steam library, select 'View CD key', highlight the package you wish to redeem, and select 'COPY KEY TO CLIPBOARD'.Launch the game, and log in with the character you wish to receive the item package with.Open the Fashion Shop located at the bottom of the screen, and click 'Get Astros'.In the space provided under ‘Item Package Redemption’, right-click, and select ‘paste’.Click 'Redeem'.After successfully redeeming your key, claim your items by talking to any Storage NPC (found in each town) and selecting the Gift Bundle option. You can also access your Gift Bundle at the top-left of your main screen.Please note that it may take up to 15 minutes after redeeming your item package key for the items to be sent to your Gift Bundle.About La TaleWelcome to the world of La Tale! Choose your own path within a land of ever-unfolding stories!La Tale is a free-to-play, massively multi-player online role-playing game (MMORPG), with classic 2D side-scrolling action. The game features over 50 character classes: each with unique skills and weapons. With near-endless character customization, pets, crafting, and guilds… will you still allow fearsome foes to defy you?Journey across strange and beautiful lands: full of mystery, sorcery, science, art, music, and wild sights you’ll have to push to discover yourself... Uncover the tale of Iris Livier, and begin your own tale now!Key FeaturesOver 50 classes at your disposal.Develop your playstyle by utilizing innumerable unlockable skills.Tackle huge bosses with friends or by the power of your own hand.Explore two gigantic worlds with open and undiscovered areas.Customize your character's appearance with near-endless options.Raise pets with unique skills to accompany you.Persevere to Level 220, all while choosing your own skill path.Join a guild and work together to increase bonuses.Raise your ranking by combating other players in PvP.Craft unique equipment, accessories, and mysterious items.Start your own business with a personal shop.Compatible with both controller and keyboard & mouse setup.Participate in fantastic events to win rare prizes and recognition.Regular bi-weekly updates.						