
							About This Game
							GRIP is bringing old-school style combat racing back with a bang. Inspired by the Rollcage games and developed by some of the original team, GRIP is a true tribute to the explosive fun had in a past gaming era.Current features (as of v.1.1.7):5 vehicles (3 manufacturers), with paint job, rim and tire customization.  Another car coming soon!6 Game modes: Classic Race, Ultimate Race (overall points), Elimination, Time Trial, Arena (Deathmatch) & Carkour (similar to scramble mode in RCS2)7 Racetracks,  2 Arenas, 15 Carkour courses.  (Some levels are still WIP)4 Weapons (Homing missile, machine gun, mine, leader rocket).  More weapons on the way!3 Power-ups (Shield, Turbo, EMP)12 Ingame music tracks (mostly Drum n Bass, but also trance and techno)Play single player (against AI) or Split-screen with a friendPublic Online Multiplayer coming soon!NOTE:  Gamepad navigation in menus coming soon, apologies for the delay.---------------------------------------------------------------------------------Intense Racing:  Hit speeds of up to 1000 kmph, driving on floors, ceilings and walls.  GRIP's car designs allow for driving on both sides, so flipping the car no longer means game overAwesome Pick-ups:  Use an array of power-ups and weapons to get the edge on your opponents.  Ranging from missiles and guns to shields and turbos, we plan to have a wide array of exciting pick-ups to useExotic Planets:  Race on a variety of planets, from hostile icy worlds to alien jungle to sprawling non-terrestrial cities.  Use destruction as a tool to win (not yet implemented*), crashing your surroundings down on your opponents, or lose your tail by heading through an alternate track routeBadass Rides:  Choose from a roster of armoured cars, manufactured by different companies from around the galaxy. Each car has different specs - some swift and agile, others brutish and heavily armoured.  There's a killer car for every tasteBangin' Tunes:  Race to a thumping soundtrack from a variety of artists.  Drum n Bass is our main kick						