
							About This Game
							GAME IS NOT BROKEN, KEYBOARD AND JOYSTICK COMPATIBLE.  Huge free BONUS update to DELUXE Version is set for first to mid quarter 2017, price will revert to $3.99 then.  Purchase now for $1.99.Stretch across lands of unforeseeable cold, and trouble in Urizen Shadows of the Cold. - Now a massive 50 warrior "head bopping",  sword slashing platformer with characters raging from ogres, ninjas, knights, aliens, 'elephantnoids', sorcerers, mermaids and demons.  - It includes 34+ massively created stages with more to come. It also includes a - cool cheat menu - head bop combo system - implemented save feature - enabled music test menu-music from music composer Efe Tozan -crazy and intense retro styled game play paying tribute to that old plumber and that ninja with the dragon tooth sword, and unique weapons/projectiles for each warrior enabling close counter melee attacks.  Also featuring some cool cut scenes and a unique but weird story line - It also handles many secrets, hidden warriors and hidden gemsUrizen Shadows of the Cold revolves around a beautiful, ancient, and magical world dedicated to peace, prosperity and love. Yet it wasn't always like this. Many centuries before, the world of Urizen upheld a war between the good of it's people and the dark cold race of beings who inhabited the cold regions of Urizen. This cold evil race of beings where led by Draconan, king of the Darkthrone. The King of Urizen who was then Urek would not stand to see his world he so much loved, cast in flames, and so it was done. Draconan was soon encased in stone with magic and might but this was only the beginning. After centuries of peace and prosperity the secret evil race of the cold steadily pieced themselves with an army of evil so powerful it overtook the then old Urek. With his blood they revived Draconan and overtook the army of Urizen and set Urizen in flames. All was gone except for the one they named Merciless or Merk... as the one son of Urek, Merk, overtook control and vowed to bring the land to it's rightful throne.						