
							About This Game
							Meditation made simple & visual.Bring peace, joy, and calm back into your daily life with the virtual relaxation app Guided Meditation VR. Transform your home into an exotic, relaxing escape.– ENVIRONMENTS –Escape the everyday in one of over 17 lush environments, each with 10+ unique, customized meditation spots.– GUIDED MEDITATIONS –Enjoy over 50 guided sessions in Zen, Heartfulness, Movement, Loving Compassion, or Relaxation. Learn ancient meditation practices in a cutting-edge way. – CUSTOMIZATION –Prefer a 10-minute, 5-minute, or 2-minute meditation? Like music? No music? Want to select from curated spaces or simply explore? Customize your meditations to be perfect, just for you. – FRESH CONTENT –Enjoy new relaxation environments, meditations, teachers, and features in free future Early Access updates.Leave the worries of your life for a short virtual vacation, and return calmer and stronger. Find your happy place.Thoughts on the HTC Vive, Oculus Rift DK2, and Gear VR editions:“Guided Meditation’ Proves That ‘VR Relaxation’ Will Almost Certainly Become Its Own Genre”– Road to VR"A brilliant way to clear your head of distractions and frustrations."– Polygon"Cubicle Ninjas might have just set out to relax the world with Guided Meditation VR, but their passion project could become a revolution [...]"– UPLOAD VR“When I removed the headset, I felt euphoric. Part of me had expected the experience to be an anti-climax, but instead, it had been a revelation […] My happy, creative mood lasted the rest of the day.”– IDEO Stories"If you’re new to meditation, and don’t have access to a class or a teacher, and you’re looking to learn some of the basics of a guided practice like loving-kindness, an app like Guided Meditation VR would help."– Health"Slowly, I let the pixelated environment float into my consciousness. I find my eyes resting on the lapping waves that reflect the clouds—a perfect visualization for a metaphor the narrator offers me, to think of my thoughts as clouds and let them pass."– Fast Company"Takes relaxation to high-tech levels."– PSFK"Turn it on and relax your body and soul."– ARNEXT						