
							About This Game
							A mysterious letter invites you to Nusakana island, an island south of the continent, promising to tell you of your past. Taking advantage of your vacation allowance and thirst for an adventure, you decided to visit the island, unknowing what will you find there. A simple vacation? An answer to your mysterious past? Or something more precious? You decide yourself in Nusakana.  Nusakana is an open-world JRPG, focusing on player's freedom of approach and decision while time is deciding and chasing everything, rather than a straight, linear and guided gameplay and storyline often found in JRPGs. With a cast of over 30 characters and 20 recruitable maiden party members, experience the bustling Nusakana island with its inhabitant, Discover its secret within its lush forest and tranquil waters. But beware of the danger lurking beyond its beauty!Experience the Exotic Locale of Nusakana - The untainted nature-friendly life of Nusakanans will indigenously welcome you. They even struggle to learn outsiders' language (English?) to welcome you in. But surely their native language (Indonesian?) will pique your interest as well.Explore and Survive - The island, though beautiful, holds many enticing secrets with the promise of riches, but beware of the dangers they hold! Plan your adventure with the proper logistics, for hunger and insomnia can ruin your adventure before it even begins. Dynamic World and Time Progression - People and wild beasts all over the island will react differently based on the time and weather.Relationship and Dating sim - Interact with 19 recruitable party members and date with them to learn their secrets and unlock their potential!Complex Turn Based Battle System - Inspired by classic JRPG turn-based battles, mix and match your party according to the enemies you face!Gather and Craft - Rich in natural resources and exotic vegetation, it is said you can craft anything with what you find in Nusakana. Gather raw resources and craft items to help you on your adventure. Trade and Mercantile - Get rich by selling Nusakana's commodities and handicrafts to the traveling merchant who comes from overseas. Fishing - Fishing in Nusakana is not just a minigame, it's one of the core gameplay mechanics! Experience semi-realistic fishing, and learn the environment and fish characteristics to increase your success in catching a giant, legendary fish!Beautiful Soundtrack - Traverse Nusakana with a multi-cultural Jazz and Bossa Nova inspired soundtrack to accompany you!Over 20 hours of playtime - Immerse yourself in the island of Nusakana and enjoy timeless adventures!						