
							About This Game
							Deathstate is a roguelike, bullet hell, single stick shooter set in a bizarre world of dimensional exploration for pc and mac. You play as a number of unique characters trying to discover the fate of Professor Elinberg who opened a portal to the void. Great and terrible mysteries and even greater treasures await if you are bold or foolhardy enough to go beyond the beyond.The Bizarre World of DeathstateIn Deathstate, you are a traveller of the outer realms. You have discovered the secrets of deep astral projection by entering into a fully death-like meditative state. While in your Deathstate, you can go beyond the beyond to realms previously only imagined by those enlightened or mad enough to dwell upon them. Tread lightly though, for these far planes of demi-existence that you choose to explore are extremely hostile to mortal souls.GAME FEATURESExplore a Unique Take on Classic 16-bit WorldDeathstate features a unique combination of retro 16-bit visuals and advanced Unity shader effects. Worlds full of painstakingly pixeled environments, enemies, and bosses will warp and shift before your eyes as your mind becomes subjected to the chaotic influence of the warp.Battle Hordes of Enemies in Twitch GameplayThe dimensions within Deathstate are teeming with nightmarish beings. Being a procedural bullet-hell, it’s up to player knowledge and skill to survive emergent dangers in gameplay.Unlock Multiple Player Characters with Unique AbilitiesOver repeat runs, players will unlock new characters with unique abilities. Like you, these companions are locked in uncovering the secrets of the Deathstate. New player characters will enable players to customize their starting build, increasing their chances of surviving the horrors that lie beyond.Discover Mystic Tomes, Ritual Blades, Relics, and OrgansThe treasure you discover in Deathstate pushes the limits on cool and bizarre game loot. You will discover arcane grimoires, mystic weaponry, burial masks, and gem encrusted idols. Most prized are organs dropped by Elite enemies and Bosses. Through these organs supernatural powers become yours, allowing you to push your character beyond the limits of mortal power!						