
							About This Game
							Lift It Lift It is a fresh and dynamic game where you have to train your character in order to gain stats. You can do 4 types of exercises: bench press increases your strength, squat your health, deadlift your defense and treadmill your stamina. Increasing your stats will help you to beat your enemies when travelling from the main island (Gym Island) to the other islands. Beat the 8 gym owners in order to get money, that could be used to buy integrators or weapons.Integrators and Weapons With the money you earn you can buy integrators. Each type of integrator can boost a specific stat, doubling it temporarily (3 minutes per dose). Once you have earned enough money, you can also buy some weapons from Bill, the armorer. The weapons you can buy are: swords, armors, shoulder armors, shields and belts, each one affecting a specific stat. These weapons are available in different quality: the cheapest is the wooden quality, then you can find iron, bronze, silver, gold and diamond quality. Higher quality weapons give more stats multiplier.Combat You can also practice the sword fight with the 4 trainers in the Gym Island, and get money by beating them. With the skilled combat system, you have to guess where your opponent will hit you (up, down, left or right) and shield that side. You can also attack in the same way and your opponent needs to guess as well where you are hitting him. Other than the Gym Island, up to now there are 2 other islands where you can travel, Labyrinth Island and Zombie Island, but more islands will be added with the updates.Multiplayer Fight against other players in a 1 vs 1 sword fight!Other than skills, your stats and weapons quality can make a huge difference!Other Activities Lift it allows you to do some other activities in the game, such as playing the guitar with Rosario or Larry. 12 keys are assigned to different parts of the songs, so that you can play them in the order you prefer. You can also go to the bar and burp with Benny. There are different tonalities of burp, for a total of 2 octaves, diesis included. Last but not least, you can have fun by dancing with Sarah, with a series of 12 famous dance moves, such as the Gangnam Style, the Moonwalk and the Robot.Music There are more than 60 songs you can listen throughout the Gym Island. While training at the gym, rock music will help you to feel powerful and push harder with the weights. While having fun at the bar, softer music will help you to relax or dance, depending on what you decide to do.Updates The game is now an alpha build, for the moment, English is the only language available, but with the updates more languages will be added soon: Italian, Spanish, Portuguese and French for sure. The updates will consist in adding new islands to discover, new multiplayer modes, and new content in the main island too, depending on the players feedbacks.						