
							About This Game
							Dexterity Ball 3D is a physics based platform game which can be played in three modes. It is a skills based dexterity game: no convoluted back story or adventure included! The goal is to collect all the gems scattered within a level as fast as possible. Please note: Although Dexterity Ball 3D provides full controller support, we recommend the use of mouse and keyboard for the best gaming experience.Dexterity Ball 3D is not:easyfluffycutefor everyone.Dexterity Ball 3D is:difficultvery challengingskills intensivediscerning.Dexterity Ball 3D aims to be as unconstrained as possible in its control and physics simulation. This means it uses a ‘pure’ form of physics simulation and control input, which leaves a lot of scope for players to develop their own unique play styles. Players are free to traverse levels in any way they see fit in order to achieve the lowest times possible or endure the longest depending on the mode of play.There is a multi-player mode and two types of single player mode.Single Player ModesSpeed Run ModeThe first single player mode is the ‘Speed Run’ mode. In this mode the objective is to collect the finite number of gems per level in the fastest possible time. The faster your time, the better you place on the leaderboard for each level.Endurance ModeThe second single player mode is the ‘Endurance’ mode. Endurance mode will truly test your gameplay abilities. In this mode the race is against a countdown timer. If the timer reaches zero the game is over.Extra time is awarded for each gem that a player collects. At the start of a level there would for instance be 10 seconds total bonus time for each gem that a player picks up. If it takes a player 4 seconds to reach the next gem the player will bank 6 seconds (surplus) thus increasing the time on the countdown timer with 6 seconds and so forth. In this mode the game levels up after each 10 gems picked up and with each level up the potential bonus time for each gem reduces by a fixed percentage thus making it harder to bank surplus time with each level up. Eventually there will be no surplus time left and the clock will count down to zero. The faster a player is at picking up gems, the more time would be awarded in total. In this mode players who endured the longest will be at the top of the leader board.Multi-player ModeMultiplayer mode allows one to play against friends over the LAN or internet. At the beginning of each multiplayer level the total number of gems that can be collected is selected. The player that collects the biggest fraction of gems wins.Are you ready to be challenged?!						