
							About This Content
							One of the most well-known tales, The Wonderful Wizard of Oz, and its lessons can easily be converted to the land of zombies. A true hero should have a strong heart and courage to fight the endless enemies, use their brains so as to come up with tactics against the toughest of bosses and not get overpowered by zombies, and most importantly, a true hero must have a good team to challenge the impossible. However, CSN:Z is no fairy tale and happy endings depend strictly on battlefield experience and firepower. We introduce a new set of unique DLC weapons that will help you come back home safely. This set includes Tin Man’s Machine Gun, Cowardly Lion’s Pistol, and Scarecrow’s Pickaxe.When you use the whole set, you will receive the following bonuses:Tin Man’s Machine Gun: maximum round increases to 200 (40 rounds/magazine).Cowardly Lion’s Pistol: rate of fire is increased.Scarecrow’s Pickaxe: speed and damage are substantially increased.A machine gun that uses 5 magazines. It aims to dissipate the long reload time of the previous version. If 2 variants of Oz weapons are used together, then the maximum magazine capacity increases to 30 rounds. If 3 variants of Oz weapons are used together, then the maximum magazine capacity increases to 40. A modified Glock 18 which uses a 9mm round. The magazine has been modified to hold 25 rounds, from the original 20, and it boasts of great firepower in close range with its automatic fire. If 2 variants of Oz weapons are used together, then the 1st and 2nd attack’s rate of fire is increased. If 3 variants of Oz weapons are used together, then the 1st and 2nd attack’s rate of fire is substantially increased. A pickaxe in a shape of a scarecrow. Can be modified with a shorter blade to allow 2 kinds of attack, a downward and a sideways swing. If 2 variants of Oz weapons are used together, then the 1st attack’s attack speed and 2nd attack’s damage is increased. If 3 variants of Oz weapons are used together, then the 1st attack’s attack speed and 2nd attack’s damage is substantially increased. To redeem your Oz's Trio DLC, visit the Item Shop menu in Counter-Strike Nexon: Zombies and locate the [Enter Code] button. Click the [Enter Code] button, and enter your DLC Code for the Oz's Trio in the displayed window.Please note that your DLC Code is case sensitive and must be entered exactly as it appears. If you are having difficulty entering your code, please attempt the following:Make sure you are entering the entire DLC Code, which will be 30 characters long.Copy\paste may result in errors, please enter the DLC Code manually.DLC Codes are case-sensitive and must be entered exactly as they appear. ‘abcde’ is different from ‘ABCDE’.Once you have entered your DLC Code, please allow the game enough time to process it. This may take 5-10 seconds.Once your DLC Code has been successfully redeemed, check the ‘Storage’ tab of your inventory for your rewards. Players who already own the DLC Packages may have their bonus items awarded directly to their inventory and not to the ‘Storage’ tab.Make sure to also follow our official pages online for info about updates and everything CSN:Z! Facebook (English): https://www.facebook.com/CSNZ.OfficialVK: http://vk.com/public78659129 Twitter: https://twitter.com/CSN_Z						