
							About This Game
							The Worm is a game that mixes the classic with innovation!

The protagonist is “the worm”, he stretches every time you turn on the blocks below and he can not touch his body with his head.
With the button ‘turbo / god mode‘ the worm rushes impulsively and can destroy enemies!

The mazes are always random and unpredictable because they are procedurally generated.
The goal is to tap more blocks as possible to pass the levels!
Good fun!

The goal is to drive the worm through random mazes to reach more 'save points' as possible.
After turning a box the worm stretches, creating the dynamics of the classic games like “Snake” !!!

Of course the worm can not touch the body with the head, otherwise it will be GAME OVER !!

Game Features:

Multiple maps!

There are four types of randomly generated maps:

– Labyrinth normal: classic labyrinth without walls
– Labyrinth with walls: maze with walls that prevent the fall of the worm.
– Caves normal: caverns map without walls
– Caves with walls: caves map with walls that prevent the fall of the worm.

Persistent maps!

Was improved the storage of the current game, with the preservation of the map for a level failed.

Enemies

Enemies follow the main character moving and jumping.
There are TEN enemy types, with different characteristics and speed.
The more advanced enemies can not be killed by jumping on them.

Bonuses

Bonuses are spherical objects placed randomly on the maze.
They can be moved and are deadly for the enemies.

Unlimited levels

The game is practically infinite, the number of levels is unlimited and therefore the real challenge is to fill as many blocks as possible to become a legend.

Multiple cameras

In the game you can select various types of cameras:
– Normal (the camera gently follows the movements close the protagonist)
– Map (the camera is fixed from above)
– Dynamic map (the camera is at the top and follows the rotations of the protagonist)
– Dynamic (the camera follows the protagonist in the third person, with the view from below)

Multiple game modes

You can select various game options, including the camera, game difficulty levels, the number of enemies and their speed.
All this to offer an even richer gameplay.

Full game statistics

The game saves the complete statistics of the game in progress, including the score, time played, enemies destroyed, blocks filled, jumps, levels completed, levels failed etc.
In this way, lovers of statistics will have even more pleasure in playing.

Full game rankings

The game will store up to 100 high scores with its partial statistics.
This will make real the challenge to become a legend !!

Full procedural generation, exploration and discovery

Each level is generated procedurally with the algorithm of construction of random ‘Dungeon’.
Even the main character, enemies, blocks and everything are placed and constructed randomly.
In this way, the game is always unpredictable and dynamics are always unknown.

Fight and strategy

In each level there are the bases from which the enemies will appear.
These enemies will follow you to kill you.
This way to overcome the levels you’ll also face fierce fighting from enemy waves.

Incremental difficulty

With the advancement in the levels, these become ever larger and increasingly difficult mazes.
It also increases the number of enemies and the number of blocks present and to save.
In this way, with the advancement in the game becomes more difficult and challenging to become a
legend!						