
							About This Game
							Do you ever play Visual Novels before? Have you ever wondered how it would look like if the characters reflected on your screen is not just a pre-scripted NPC, but also a player like yourself? Sentou Gakuen: Revival is a massively multiplayer role playing games with visual novel twist.About Sentou Gakuen: RevivalYou are one of the student of Sentou Gakuen, a random school in Japan, filled with delinquents, perverts, and of course some good students. How will you spend your days in Sentou Gakuen? Find your own path to choose, make friends or foes, the choice is yours.Gameplay:The game is presented in visual novel style, but unlike normal visual novel, the characters you meet there are the same as you, players. Also unlike normal visual novel, there are no predefined paths for you to take, once you finished creating character in Dressing Room, you are free to do whatever you want. You are the protagonist of your own story.The world is dynamic with day and night system implemented, each have their own vibes. Shops closing at the night, the train station will stop operating during the midnight closing the access to other zones, and different sets of mob spawn. It is also possible to create normal visual novel, the game is equipped with simple scripting language allowing players to write their own story. The in game resources (background images, characters, bgm) also available for them to use if they don't have their own resources. Later on players could share their story by uploading the files and share it with other players, just like mods: create - upload - share.Features:Vast world to explore. Sentou Gakuen: Revival is not just about the school. There are lot of zones outside awaiting for you to explore. Each of them might hold a little secret.Dangerous stairways that like to push you down randomly. Or banana skins appeared out of nowhere take you out of guard. Open PVP and Real time combat. Sentou Gakuen is a dangerous place, be careful someone might stab you from behind with pencils.Justice System. Sentou Gakuen’s Disciplinary Commitees are ready to punish the delinquents and lock rule breakers inside detention center. Fight the Ikemen, Pervert Oyaji, and other thugs for the sake of peace. Invent your own Skills. In Sentou Gakuen: Revival, we do not have predefined skills for you to take, you create them, and choose the best skillset that match your style.Craft your own equipments. All equipments in Sentou Gakuen: Revival are players crafted. There are no set recipes, you create and customize them. Form your own Club (Clan/Guild). Join a club where you belong, or find other students that share same common purpose and form your own. Or you enjoy being a lone wolf that belong in Go-Home-Club (帰宅部)? Your call. Co-op contents for greater challenge. Ever heard the mysterious cave appeared out of nowhere behind the school? Ever wondered why at the midnight there’s shrieking sounds on Yamamiya Lake? Invite your friends and form a group of four to investigate The Seven Mysteries of Sentou High, and claim the loots. *Team works are required during the investigation or you will end up spending the night at Infirmary. In Sentou Gakuen, resides two major faction: Yami (闇) and Hikari (光), will you join one of their cause or simply become a bystander that watch the bloodshed between the two. Let’s become a good student and study, there are 11 subjects available for you to take. Each courses will improve you in one way or another.  Make your own story. Using our own newbie-friendly yet powerful enough 'durian scripting language' that is being developed along with the game, you are able to create your own story, and share them with others. You may use all resources and assets in SGR to make your story, or use your own. At first, the scripts can only be loaded and played through the SGR Client, the ability to export them as standalone executable project is within our planned list.						