
							About This Software
							Audials Moviebox 2016: The Tool for Fans of Online Video Entertainment at a Low Price. Audials Moviebox 2016 is Your Recorder for Recording Streams from Paid Services. Record All Videos and Films from the Internet with One Simple Click. Audials Moviebox Is Your Universal Converter for All Formats. Archive Films and Play Them on Devices Without a DVD Drive.Audials Moviebox 2016 OverviewYour Recorder for Recording Streams from Paid ServicesRecord All Videos and Films from the Internet with One Simple ClickAudials Moviebox Is Your Universal Converter for All FormatsCopy DVDAudials Moviebox 2016Save VideoYour Recorder for Recording Streams from Paid ServicesIn Audials software, the optimal recording methods for the most popular video streaming services, video portals and media libraries come preconfigured. Simply click on the Audials tile for the desired video stream, then start the film and Audials records it in the video format you want and optimized for any device.Record All Videos and Films from the Internet with One Simple ClickMany popular online video libraries encrypt their video streams. The majority of tools cannot record such encrypted video streams. However, with Audials Moviebox you can record any type of video stream directly as you play it. Without any loss of quality and in its original size, Audials records both open and protected videos and films from any source and saves them as a legal private copy.Auto-tagging for Films and Editor for Manual ChangesRecorded films and series are named automatically and supplemented with tags for the video title, film image, genre, year, cast, director, producers, scriptwriter, production company and country of origin in addition to the information about the recording source, bitrate and its containing folder. Using the editor, you can change this information manually at any time you want later on.Video-ConverterAudials Moviebox is a universal converter for all audio and video file formats on PC, smartphone, tablets, netbooks, notebooks, ultrabooks, games consoles and other devices. Music, audiobooks, videos and films are converted to any format quickly and in top quality.Thousands of Formats Possible Using Expert ConfigurationAudials fulfills the highest of demands and enables you to calibrate for playback by adjusting for codec, medium, bitrate and frame rate as well as frame size to achieve the optimal result. You can do this, for example, for playing a film on a device with a special screen size or lower specs.Copy DVDArchive Films and Play Them on Devices Without a DVD DriveUnprotected DVDs are copied in a jiffy. Using the legal recording function of Audials Moviebox, protected DVDs can also be copied. Owners of additional devices without DVD drives, e.g. smartphones, netbooks, ultrabooks or tablets, can convert all films from DVD for these devices using their PC. Audials Moviebox even saves the different language versions and film chapters of the DVD when doing so.						