
							About This Game
							ARE YOU READY FOR THE ULTIMATE CHALLENGE?UNIQUE SYMBIOSIS OF MUSIC AND GRAPHICSDub Dash is a fast-paced rhythm based action game. The tracks are decomposed into diverging game mode segments. The obstacles, tracks and visual effects are all adjusted to the music and in perfect harmony with each song. Dub Dash has a great soundtrack including music from Bossfight and the DJs of Geometry Dash – to enjoy the full experience the use of headphones is highly recommended. UP TO FOUR PLAYER SPLIT-SCREEN MODEChallenge your friends to the ultimate race in this breathtaking split-screen competitive mode for up to four players simultaneously. Who will beat most of the level? Jump in and find out!SEVEN ULTRA CHALLENGING GAMEPLAY MECHANICSSpin your crazy wheel in harmony with the song and keep dodging left and right avoiding obstacles at high speed. Fly like a bird, make hard 90° turns and feel the rhythm of the zig-zag trajectory. The objective for each track is clear: Do you rock the funky road of Dub Dash?GRAPHICAL FIREWORKSDub Dash offers impressive colorful graphics and effects with a steady and smooth high framerate. Immerse yourself in a hypnotizing psychedelic experience. SKILL COMES WITH PRACTICEThe gameplay of each segment is simple but it´s tough to master the levels. Actually it´s extremely hard, almost impossible – but fortunately there´s the practice mode which gives you a save point after each passage so you won´t need to finish the whole level in one try. Memorize each segment of the level and maybe (only maybe) you will be able to master even the hardest levels someday. FEATURESDriving electronic soundtrackPsychedelic graphical fireworks“Easy to learn, hard to master” gameplayAll levels split in multiple gameplay sections Gameplay technically synched to the music in the minutest detail Use of all input devices (keyboard, gamepads, mouse – even racing wheels!)Great soundtrack including tracks from Bossfight and DJs from Geometry DashChallenge mode featuring randomly generated levels to earn extra livesMultiplayer mode for up to four players on split-screenPractice mode for every level Steam Controller supportSteam AchievementsPHOTOSENSITIVE SEIZURE WARNING
A very small percentage of people may experience a seizure when exposed to certain visual images, including flashing lights or patterns that may appear in video games. Even people who have no history of seizures or epilepsy may have an undiagnosed condition that can cause these "photosensitive epileptic seizures" while watching video games. 

These seizures may have a variety of symptoms, including lightheadedness, altered vision, eye or face twitching, jerking or shaking of arms or legs, disorientation, confusion, or momentary loss of awareness. Seizures may also cause loss of consciousness or convulsions that can lead to injury from falling down or striking nearby objects. 

Immediately stop playing and consult a doctor if you experience any of these symptoms. Parents should watch for or ask their children about the above symptoms - children and teenagers are more likely than adults to experience these seizures. 

The risk of photosensitive epileptic seizures may be reduced by taking the following precautions:
•	Play in a well-lit room
•	Do not play when you are drowsy or fatigued
If you or any of your relatives have a history of seizures or epilepsy, consult a doctor before playing.						