
							About This Game
							Are you a big fan of platform games? Can your nerves tolerate a high level of difficulty? If your answer is yes, then get your jumping skills ready for a new Super Meat Boy and Defrag (Quake3Arena) inspired platformer Run Rabbit Run! Run Rabbit Run is a dangerously addicting and delightfully challenging game about a bunny angry for carrots. The bunny runs and jumps. And guess what? It also dies a lot. Will you manage to leap over increasingly perilous obstacles and keep your bunny in one piece? Skillful control of jumps, velocity and inertia will allow you to succeed.Features:• Comic book style pictorial intro story• Classical platforming elements and fresh jumping mechanics• Quickfire nature of levels• Responsive, finely tuned gameplay • Stylized silhouetted characters and background• Well-balanced contrast-based art • Gorgeous soundtrack featuring live instrumentation and a variety of styles and moods• 2 tricky chapters and additional "secret" levels• Tons of challenge and a dose of silliness Each level in the game is carefully structured and revolves around traversing various obstacles, including spike pits and circular saws of all shapes and sizes. That can be a tricky task unless you are skilled enough to have a perfect control over your jumps. You have to make sure to attain the proper velocity for each jump but you should never forget about inertia which is another important factor to consider. There should not be too much or too little inertia, but just enough to land safely on a platform as any brush with a nearby spike or circular saw is a certain death. There is no wall-jumping in Run Rabbit Run - good news for players who find it annoying! Instead, there is another challenge which is managing inter-jump velocity in order to land on a platform mid-air. This adds another skill level to the game and a fresh jumping mechanic that you are sure to enjoy. A thrilling gameplay is complemented with stylish and tasteful artwork. Serene pastel-colored background in the game suggests an atmosphere of tranquility that makes an interesting juxtaposition with the blood-spattered circular saws and spike pits. The silhouettes of the bunny and other animals against the images of trees, snow-capped mountains and cityscape look charming and touching. All this, tied together with an incredible soundtrack, delivers a mixture of blood, action, style and drive that should not be missed!						