
							About This Software
							The Most Realistic, Interactive, and Complete Computer Training!
Professor Teaches, the leading brand of training, provides realistic, interactive, and complete training for QuickBooks 2016. This user-friendly computer training software will teach you the ins and outs of Intuit QuickBooks Pro 2016. Each hands-on, interactive course provides everything you need to learn the latest versions of QuickBooks.

Learn to use the features of QuickBooks, the premier small business accounting software designed to help small businesses manage product inventory, sales, invoices, company payroll, and many other facets of running a business. Unlock the power of QuickBooks to improve your productivity. Each interactive course is organized for fast and easy learning with practical exercises to help you build new skills quickly.

Over 60 Interactive Lessons!

NEW! Covers QuickBooks 2016 Features!
Effectively use QuickBooks Pro small business accounting software to help your business grow. This software will help you increase your Accounting and Business Planning skills. Teach yourself how to:

Track sales
Track expenses
Enter customer payments
Create invoices and forms
Increase your accounting skills and knowledge
Learn how to create a business plan
Realistic, Interactive & Complete Training!
Realistic simulations provide an accurate learning environment so your transition to QuickBooks is fast and easy. More than just videos, you’ll interact to perform the correct action during each exercise for better learning and retention. Hundreds of learning topics and beginner through advanced subjects are included.

The Fastest, Easiest Way to Learn QuickBooks!
Learn from each of the courses or just the one you need! Professor Teaches courses use real-world settings and accurate simulations to help you apply your new knowledge directly to daily tasks and the knowledge you gain becomes an asset for life.

Help Make Your Business Succeed
Teach yourself how to automate most of your accounting tasks: printing checks, paying bills, and tracking expenses. You can build your skills quickly to unlock the power of QuickBooks and expand your business.

Includes Beginner, Intermediate & Advanced Topics
Chapters are organized into specific learning objectives — easily available from the main menu.

Learning objectives guide you to success
Colorful graphics and clear instructions keep you interested
Professional voice narration assists retention
The Most Interactive Training Available
Self-paced, interactive lessons allow you to practice in a realistic simulation of the software.

Accurate screen presentations, menus, and buttons provide an easy transition to the real application.
Step-by-step interactive exercises help you achieve high retention rates.
Practical exercises and examples make learning easy.
Complete & Comprehensive Content
Introductions, summaries and end-of-chapter quiz questions all reinforce learning. Each course uses the same user interface and educational methods to ensure consistent quality throughout.

QuickBooks: Over 60 Lessons!
Discover how QuickBooks can help you save time on every day financial tasks, from creating estimates and invoices to receiving payments, paying bills, and managing payroll. Learn how to store and organize all of your information, plus see all of your customer, vendor, and employee information in one place. With QuickBooks, you can finally manage your financial data accurately.

Includes Just-in-Time Training
Get quick assistance with Professor Answers. Find answers to your questions faster and easier than navigating Help Systems. Powerful search and browse features help you locate the specific topic you need, right when you need it. In addition, Professor Answers also provides mini-training sessions for quick knowledge and experience.						