
							About This Game
							Presentation Deep enough for the veteran roleplayer... Humorous enough for the casual gamer!OH! RPG! is a quirky, innovative and colorful adventure by RosePortal Games (of Epic Quest and Whisper of a Rose fame) and released on Steam by RPG veteran Aldorlea Games. The game consists of 8 chapters, each with a different atmosphere, gameplay and protagonist, all contributing to an exciting and fresh experience. Mixing elements of parody and great use of interaction with an enthralling storyline, this game is a quality blend of pure RPG goodness - but with an unique twist!Plot Heroes always win. But what happens to those who don't?The world is coming to an end and the heroes return home after their ludicrous failure, to be with loved ones for whatever's left.Except this time you're not going to play them. Who wants to play failures anyway?In OH! RPG!, traditional roles are reversed. You play the NPCs and help the heroes along the way.See the story from another perspective and embark with a new protagonist in each of the 8 chaptersTravel from front to back, from awe-inspiring castles to your remote peasant village, from enemies super strong and big, to end up proudly defeating... pathetic slimes?Enjoy a collection of unique protagonists such as an upbeat Jester, a quickwitted Goblin or even the Hero's own family, as you interact with them in an innovative way Visit 8 chapters, all with a different style and optional content to discover!FeaturesUnique battles using the special skill "Hero Calls": Harold, Therese, Marsha and Lucius are never in battle, but you can call them and wait until they arrive, and they will perform one powerful move - this is different for each battle depending on where they are in the storyEnd-level ratings based on performanceStage selection to replay levels and improve your ratings in eachGlobal User Rank based on overall end-level results - unlock goodies with higher scores!Collect material to upgrade the power/efficiency of your weapons, armor and potionsUnlock skills of RPG Maker History like Call Ralph!, Mapping Tool or Summon Don MiguelFREE license original resources for everyone who purchases the game to use - includes 4 side-view monsters, some side-view battlers, tileset, charsets, and even the airship above!*Steam Achievements & Steam Trading Cards!Mouse, keyboard and gamepad/controller fully supported, with non-invasive full screen or windowed mode and higher resolution graphics*Find your free resource pack here:C:\Program Files (x86)\Steam\SteamApps\common\OH! RPG!\ResourcesMeet our Heroes!HaroldA simple farm boy with big dreams of seeing the world. Always level headed and one to help another in need. Tries to be friends with everyone he comes in contact with. Expert cow milker!ThereseA tough princess who trained herself as a knight so she could one day leave the castle walls. She's never afraid to use her title to get her way. Often impatient and comes off as cold when talking to others. Expert at judging people.MarshaA mysterious girl with an even more mysterious past. Her lighthearted and mischievous behavior has landed her into hot water countless times. Always looking for a way to be important to the people around her. Expert at playing tricks on others.LuciusOften described as stiff as a book's spine yet somewhat sarcastic. Even though he is a priest, he questions everything within the teachings. Always willing to help those in need but is never looking for thanks. Expert at disapproving books.TIP: When playing on Windows XP and experiencing issues, please launch the game manually at:C:\Program Files (x86)\Steam\SteamApps\common\OH! RPG!\Game.exe						