
							About This Game
							Check out this battlefield management game from Japanese indie developer Studio GIW.  You are the Empress fighting to take back control of the Avaris Empire together with King of Orsas and his soldiers from an evil warlord.  36,000 individual warriors on the battlefield!Battle by battle as you recover territory, the number of fighters grows to near epic proportions up to 36,000 individual warriors on the battlefield at the same time! Compete for high scores against your Steam friends.Combat SystemAs Empress your troops will follow your lead on the battlefield.  You can surround the enemy forces or direct your army’s strength to the heart of the action.  Battle by battle the number of your troops will grow and you will be able to upgrade your army.  Configure your elite troops including:Warriors:  These are your base elite troops and can be changed to the other three classes.Ninjas:  Your fastest fighters move quickly and can attack by throwing a shuriken.Mages:  Have the ability to attack from a distance using magic.Mummies:  Have high attack and defense powers but move slowly.Allied ForcesThe King of neighboring Orsas Empire is your ally and joins you on the battlefield.  You do not have the able to manipulate or direct allied troops as they will engage the enemy according to their own judgement.  Battles can be won by allied forces but you will get more points by killing the enemy yourself.  Be sure to use the Allied troops to help defeat the enemy.Managing your ArmyBattle wins will yield loots, gold and experience.  The strength of your troops will increase as the war progresses.  Use your gold to buy and trade for weapons and magical rings.  You will Level Up as you gain experience.  Customize your army to your liking.Scord RankingThis is a battle management game and you are awarded points for the outcome of battles, for your style of battle, and for other achievements on the battlefield.  The scoring system is fully integrated with Steam so you are able to see how you rank against your Steam friends and against the world.  Test your skills at leading an army to battle and compete for the high score!						