
							About This Game
							Rise of Keepers (RoK) is a mix of the best Old School RPGs and Tower Defense games.The idea behind RoK is to offer a new gameplay concept bringing together the best features of each game style.In Rise of Keepers your main goal is to defend and level up the Crystal. You will face attacking waves coming from the four portals, that are activated in every time interval, but differently from the other tower defense games, you have to go out and explore the enviroment, cut trees for timber, mine rocks for stone, hunt animals for food, face enemies, open secret chests, loot, and finally build your defense towers using the collected resources.Before starting the game, you will choose your Keeper. Each Keeper has special skills, can build its own defense tower, as well as other structures that are common to all Keepers - teleportation stations, hunting traps, fishing equipment and other.Each Keeper has 4 unique Skills and one of them is the Ultimante Skill that interacts directly with the Keeper's Tower, making the game much more dynamic.The level of the Keeper will follow the Crystal level. Each time the Crystal evolves, all allied Keepers evolve as well, and then you can unlock new abilities and improve their attributes.Ranulf, Jade and Arthus are the first Keepers to become avaliable in the game. The first one avaliable is Arthus. Create - Create your own customized game on Challenge Editor. Share and play the community Custom Challenges.Explore - Explore the world of RoK. Without the exploration you will probably fail.Scavenge - Collect the natural resources and loot to get rare weapons and items.Build - Using the natural resources you can build many types of structures to help you during the game.The Keepers - Each Keeper will bring a entire new gameplay experience. Choosing a Keeper is a important decision once each Keeper has unique skills and a unique Defense Tower.Defend - Keeping the Crystal in one piece is a key feature to be a winner in the game.Fight  - Using your skills and many type of weapons you can significantly improve the Crystal defense.The RoK map is one of great things of the game. It’s huge and full of challenges and secrets. There you will find diferent enviroments like beachs, deserts, lakes, forests and rivers. Each enviroment will bring specific enemy types.You also will find secret chests where you will find special weapons and other sort of items. To open these chests you have to defeat Legendary Enemies that drops the chest key.The Rise of Keepers focus is on the Cooperative matches. The multiplayer matches supports up to 5 players.The coop is the best and more fun way to play Rise of Keepers. Each Keeper has unique abilities to offer and combining them the possibilities are unlimited.*The RoK Multiplayer is a upcoming feature. Not yet avaliable.						