
							About This Game
							Set in the distant future, man has evolved beyond flesh and bone and is now one with the machine. Your journey starts as a young Terran pilot, taking your first steps into the galaxy. You are free to join or form factions, corporations, bounty hunter gangs, or even crime syndicates as you forge your own story in a living, evolving galaxy. Whether you fly solo or with a massive fleet, take a role in government or start a corporation, the galaxy and game-play will respond in kind to your choices and performance. Design your own ShipsBuild your ship from an expanding array of parts in any of the 13 capital class categories. Research, manufacture, buy, steal and discover new parts. Assemble killer ships and even share them with your friends.Command & ControlReceive and issue tactical orders in real-time combat. Relationships, culture, and individual persona effect how your forces will respond to your orders.  Objectives can be issued but loyalty determines how - or if - they will be followed.Capital Ship CombatTake direct real time control of a massive capital class warship and participate in single ship, wing, flotilla, division and full fleet actions. From the agile corvette well under a hundred meters long to the huge Gar which can exceed 2,000 meters what you fly has a major impact on how you fly.Civilization ManagementBecome the leader of a world, system, sector, region or the whole galaxy! You can join and rise in the ranks or form your own government, corporation, crime syndicate or bounty hunter team. Grow and expand through military power, business savvy or political tenacity.Galactic QuestsThe galaxy is always evolving, reacting to NPCs and you. Events are always right at your fingertips with zero time aimlessly flying through in empty space. How you choose to engage in events if at all will guide the continuous evolution of your story.Built to modExpand your galaxy with the Terran Software Developer Kit, a free (and included) package for use with the Unity 3D game engine allowing you to author simple changes or massive mods with the same tools used by the developers.Native VR SupportBuilt in and ready to go support for popular VR headsets as well as traditional screen play. Terran; designed with keyboard / mouse and or controller + screen or headset, you choose how you play.Features based on emerging technology; specific requirements will vary as those technologies mature.						