
							About This Content
							Dies Irae Stars and Stripes adds to the depth of playing USA through World War II. Specially designed events, mechanics and new graphics makes the Hearts of Iron experience even more engrossing. Emphasis on the Sleeping Giant, fighting for the free peoples of the world.
Key features:

A new face of war - New graphical interface to fit the mood of the USA focus. New unit models with actual 3D guy and weapon on the unit pictures.
Lead some famous US divisions through the war, with special events, techs and units. 101st airborne, the US Marines Corps, the Rangers Corps, the Paramarines and more!
The nerve of war - Historically accurate Great Depression and recession problems, with new laws, decisions and strategic effects related to the world commerce.
Awakening of the Giant- Starts with few manpower and other stuff to deal than the war and become year after year the more powerful economy and army of the world. Discover the Arsenal of Democracy tech screen and feel the industrial power!
Lend-Lease mechanisms - Select what you want to send and to whom. See American equipment be used by your allies during the war. Decide to stop it anytime. Lend Lease is handled with a never-seen before law/decision/event mechanism.
A-historicity - What if you don't embargo Japan and let them conquer Asia as they like, then preventing Pearl Harbour to happen? What if you join the war in '39? What if you focus on Japan and don't help the Allies in Europe? What if you support totalitarian countries and go Axis, then send Lend Lease to Germany (the world is doomed!)?
Boosted AI- Put your allies or foes AI on steroids! You can give the boost to the faction you want, for instance if you want a WW3 you can boost Soviet Union. Or an USA-Axis game simply boost Allies and Comintern while letting the Axis with default settings. Suit your needs and play the challenge YOU want!
US unique Battle scenarios- Get in the boots of Eisenhower and plan then execute Operation Overlord. After that you might want to understand why Operation Downfall (invasion of mainland Japan) was canceled! Challenge your skills in two difficult battlescenarios.

						