
							About This Game
							Are you looking for a cool, action packed arcade classic that delivers an interesting, fun gameplay and a lot of variety? Do you want to challenge yourself in one of the most interesting space themed game worlds out there? Welcome to Zamarian, the one game where all of that and so much more comes to reality in an extraordinary way!Your main focus here is to defeat the aliens that are trying to destroy your planet, all while assuring yourself that you will be the one true owner of this portion of your galaxy. Zamarian comes with easy to use controls and a unique gameplay experience that will change as you play.We are also offering you beautiful graphics, an action-packed soundtrack that seamlessly blends rock and chiptune music as well as a multitude of bosses that will always try to eliminate you once and for all.Zamarian also delivers a shiny, fun multiplayer component that allows you to immerse yourself into the gameplay, all while accessing some really interesting results. You can collect coins and gems to improve your chances of survival!Don’t hesitate and download Zamarian right now, engage yourself into the ultimate battle for the galaxy and fulfill your destiny to become Earth’s final hope!Features:Immersive singleplayer and multiplayer gameplayAction packed boss battlesTrue arcade feelBeautiful graphicsWonderful soundtrackUpgrade your ship and gemsLots of replay valueStarter Tips:The two rings at the center of the screen are boundaries that indicate the area where you can move your ship.  Move the green mouse cursor as close to your fighter ship as possible.Collect gems in order to buy new ships and weapons. Use them wisely though!The heavy fighter ship has the most health (with 3 green bars), while the light fighter ship has the least health (with only 1 green bar).In order to remove floater bombs, buy the Guardian weapon (hotkey G).  This especially comes in handy with the Crab boss in level 4.Each weapon has a hotkey that you can press in order to instantly buy them.  Ex: H for heavy fighter ship, 5 for Medusa weapon, and 6 for EMP, and etc.Other hotkeys are P to pause game, E to fire EMP, F for fighter ship menu, and W for weapon menu.There is no set amount of lives in this game.  Save yourself by buying another ship before the current one explodes.You automatically get the light fighter after the heavy or medium fighter exploded.If you hear him, brace yourself.  Because the Zamarian boss is coming.Each of the three fighters have weapons that are mostly exclusive to each on of them.  All of the weapons are unique in their own way.  Try them all out.If you decide to play a new game, your gems count will remain the same but your score will be erased.Play the multiplayer mode if you want to farm for gems.If nobody comes to your room in multiplayer in a few seconds a GO SOLO button will come up to allow you to experience the multiplayer mode solo.Grab the booster after it turns green in the multiplayer mode.  This will enable your ship to become a heavy fighter with a powerful weapon, giving you an advantage over the other opponents.  However, use it wisely, as this power up has a time limit.Game Review:- Alex Tanaseprofessional game reviewerZamarian is a cool little game that was created with the idea of providing a wonderful time away from those daily tasks. Rest assured that the title is not simple, instead it’s a reminiscence from the older, action packed and hard games that were designed in order to deliver one of a kind gameplay moments.The coolest thing about Zamarian is that it allows you to control your ship unlike any other game, all while trying to explore the space at your own leisure and killing the enemies that come in your way. The title is designed by a lot of action and plenty of unique gameplay ideas, all of which add up to deliver a stellar outcome all the time. I liked the fact that this game is not afraid to take chances, instead it was designed with a wide range of action packed mechanics in mind. There are multiple upgrades that you can perform to your vehicle, all of which add up in order to deliver a great shooting experience. The shooting mechanics are solid and the game is created all so that it will provide you with an action packed set of moments that you will always appreciate and enjoy.Each level has its own boss, and while the first ones can be a simple challenge, the more you play the harder the game will get. The Zamarian alien, which is the ultimate, last boss will be very hard to defeat, and at the same time it also makes the game endless because it will basically grow new tentacles all the time.All the ideas brought by the game are very interesting to be honest, and they do provide quite an interesting challenge all around, which is magical and tons of fun. I like the fact that you have 2 ships in the free version, because they do show you quite a lot of the game before you purchase. At the same time, I am also very impressed by the quality that they deliver, which is a major plus and a lot better than what you are used to from other titles in the genre.This game screams retro memorabilia and it’s a good thing, in fact for me it basically revives the old school ideas and it brings them back in a colorful and fun way. I really liked it, and I do recommend Zamarian to everyone that wants a fun time regardless of where they are located!9/10						