
							About This Content
							CSN:Z ‘RIVALS’Rivals are back in force! Among the staple CSN:Z characters, Jennifer steps out in her new ARMY outfit and Natasha takes on a CASUAL uniform. Army-style Jennifer and casual-style Natasha, they both have high Attack levels but low Ammo Reserve levels, which is perfect for attackers. Enjoy new outfits of RIVALS who are eager to defeat each other!Jennifer (Uniform)Struggling with post traumatic shock from the experimentations she had to endure, she joins the Terrorists and uses all of her abilities to assist the Terrorists in their acts. Her new found colleagues start to recognize her abilities as her fame and position in the terrorist organization starts to grow. Her new uniform affirms the change that has occurred to her.Natasha (Casual)Even after being thrown into countless terrorist suppression missions, her desire for revenge against the Terrorists\nhave yet to diminish. Ultimately, she starts to personally eliminate Terrorists apart\nfrom sanctioned missions. All in order to satisfy her thirst for revenge...A package that contains Jennifer (Uniform) and Natasha (Casual).To redeem your RIVALS DLC, visit the Item Shop menu in Counter-Strike Nexon: Zombies and locate the [Enter Code] button. Click the [Enter Code] button, and enter your DLC Code for the Rivals DLC in the displayed window.Please note that your DLC Code is case sensitive and must be entered exactly as it appears. If you are having difficulty entering your code, please attempt the following:Make sure you are entering the entire DLC Code, which will be 30 characters long.Copy\paste may result in errors, please enter the DLC Code manually.DLC Codes are case-sensitive and must be entered exactly as they appear. ‘abcde’ is different from ‘ABCDE’.Once you have entered your DLC Code, please allow the game enough time to process it. This may take 5-10 seconds.Once your DLC Code has been successfully redeemed, check the ‘Storage’ tab of your inventory for your rewards. Players who already own the DLC Packages may have their bonus items awarded directly to their inventory and not to the ‘Storage’ tab.Make sure to also follow our official pages online for info about updates and everything CSN:Z! Facebook (English): https://www.facebook.com/CSNZ.OfficialVK: http://vk.com/public78659129 Twitter: https://twitter.com/CSN_Z						