
							About This Game
							“Cursed” is a new mystic, intriguing and fascinating classic horror adventure game developed by JetDogs Studios that is familiar to many gamers. The game has a number of specific advantages as an intriguing plot full of enigmas, mysticism and great twists, luxurious graphics, innovative puzzles etc. If you are not afraid of going deep down into the world of the cursed realty and if you are ready to save the world from the evil or just want to pass a pleasant evening, then “Cursed” is the best choice.The life of the main female character and her fiancé Albert was wonderful and full of happiness. Indeed, it was… Until Albert received a strange letter with a proposal of a profitable job far away from his home. Albert went away to work and there was no news for a long time. So the main female character (i.e. you, the player) put off on a long journey to look for her love-mate without knowing what had happened to him and what kind of peril and danger waited for her. Dragons, phantoms, demons and other creatures of beyond will be on your way. Will the true love overcome different difficulties and obstacles during the journey?The plot of the game “Cursed” is full of unexpected turns and surprises. You will learn an ancient wizard secret, contact different creatures of beyond, learn your real name and meet people from your past which is so far away that it is impossible to call it to memory. And the most important thing is that it’s only you who can set free your love-mate and not let the evil to capture the whole world. Will you dare to undertake the responsibility for the entire mankind?In “Cursed” you will need to realize all your true potential to find and use correctly ambient objects, open all the masked locks and doors, go round obstacles escaping from danger and to glean the necessary information about the fiancé of the main female character as well as about the history of this cursed place.The stunning graphics and transcendental music of the game “Cursed” are worthy of special mention. The vividness of monsters, ambient objects and the environment as a whole provoke ineffable feelings during playing the game. All this will make the hair stand up on the back of the neck of any fearless and cool-headed gamers. Do you want to feel the thrill? Then start playing “Cursed” in the dead on night.Thus, “Cursed” is an outstanding game for all sorts of gamers which has all the makings to become a real hit.P.S. For all game players we'll offer a bunch of adorable collection of collectible items - 15 trading cards, 10 backgrounds and 10 amazing emoticons!						