
							About This Game
							Recourse Demo is a short stand-alone game with its own levels, dialogues and achievements. Its main purpose is to allow you to make an informed purchase decision by letting you experience the gameplay first hand and also see how the game runs on your machine. The demo is very generous in content: it showcases puzzle elements from the first half of the original game and includes four maps exclusively designed for it (2 Puzzle, 1 Wave Rush and 1 Payload). There are also 12 achievements exclusive to the demo.Key Features Length: The demo takes about 2 hours to complete. It has 4 maps distributed as 2 Puzzle, 1 Payload and 1 Wave Rush. Puzzle variety: Recourse Demo contains puzzle elements from the first half of the original game.  Character mobility: Dash, double-jump and grapple your way around the levels to quickly reach any point within the perimeter. You are never limited to the ground. Upgrades: Five upgrades are available for Floe in the demo: Repair, Scanner, Grapple, Containment and Collector.  Drop-In/Drop-Out Split-Screen Co-Op: A second player can seamlessly join or  leave the game at any moment in any game mode or the hub. Enemies: If you're ever bored of solving puzzles, you can dive into other level types and battle your way through hordes of Failbots to collect CPUs and waves to unlock Floe's upgrades. Deployables: You can deploy seven different tools (Circular Saw, Incinerator, Tesla Coil, Laser, Vortex, Impactor and Singularity) to interact with the environment or counter enemies (find more information below). Point A is not available in the demo.  Environmental Hazards: Spikes, flames, moving lasers, hostile deployables, chainsaws, drills, mines, electric fences, pendulum axes, boulders etc... you get the idea. Some of them can be turned on/off and even converted to your side.  Color-coded Objects: Blue objects are on your side. Orange objects are on Failbots' side. Yellow objects hate you both. Achievements as Challenges: There are 12 achievements and many of them are rewarded upon the completion of a specific challenge. Challenges can be viewed from Floe's terminal.Game Modes:There are three game modes in Recourse: Puzzle, Payload and Wave Rush. They share elements but differ in objectives. Each level contains a certain number of golden question marks that can be collected toward the Q.E.D. achievement.  Puzzle Mode:  The goal is to solve enough puzzles to reach the final checkpoint. Finishing puzzle levels unlock other game modes and levels. Puzzle levels are very peaceful: there are either very few or no Failbots that would disturb you.  Payload Mode:  Battle your way through armies of Failbots to collect their CPUs and deposit them to your  wagon which must then be escorted to the finish line to complete the level. Deposited CPUs can be spent toward upgrading Floe.  Wave Rush Mode:  Failbots grow tougher with each wave. You can stay as long as you want or leave the level when ready. Deployables: There are seven deployables in the demo that can be deployed to interact with the environment, solve puzzles and counter enemies. Each deployable applies damage in their own way.  Circular Saw:  Destroys crates (and more) blocking your way. Can be used to box in and damage Failbots.  Incinerator:  Burns enemies and affects heat-activated objects.  Tesla Coil:  A ranged tool that damages enemies with electric arcs. It also powers up sockets.  Laser:  Rotating lasers that damage characters and activate optical receivers.  Vortex:  Elevates and hurls enemies around. Powers wind-activated objects.  Impactor:  Screws itself to the floor and launches characters and physics objects in the air. Highly effective in launching enemies toward ceiling hazards or simply cause them falling damage. They can also break apart glaciers blocking your way.   Singularity:  Pulls and traps enemies at its center. Can be used to turn slippery enemies into easy targets or pin them against environmental hazards.						