
							About This Game
							WARNING: By purchasing this product you understand this product is in Early Access! You will experience bugs, things not working correctly, spelling errors, and more. If you purchase this game you understand that this is not the final product. Expect weekly builds fixing any issues present.

You also understand that this is a family game designed for all ages. This game might be to easy for some.


"The Sacred Stone: A Story Adventure" is a fantasy 3rd person adventure game! 
This is a open world adventure game. In the beginning you play as a small child living in the beautiful lands of the great Queen. Life as you know it is peaceful, until one day the Evil King invades the Queens castle, and has taken the Sacred Stone! 
The Sacred Stone, holds great power and more mystery, than anything. The Evil King hopes to use it to rule the world! It's up to you to get back the stone back, and restore balance between good and evil! 
Come along on an adventure, and meet new characters along the way. Interact with different characters by having interactive conversations. Help out others if you choose to do so, you will be rewarded for your good deeds. 
Along your quest, you will encounter great dangers! Seek new weapons, and learn magical spells to help you on your quest! Explore hours of new areas and be ready to defend yourself while exploring! We our delivering you with over 30 different enemys, including bosses. But hey just because you beat a boss once doesn't mean you won't be seeing that boss later on in the game. You may have to fight 2 at the same time! 
When we say inspired by old school classics we mean it! Game functionality and all! 

FEATURES: 

A unique feature that we are doing is when encountering a boss for instance, in today's games you play the boss in that current area. Remember back in the day that wasn't the case! Another area would load small and confined! A camera scene would take place showing off the enemy?!?! Well that is exactly what we are doing! With many different boss battles, and many different enemy's throughout the world, this should be right up your alley if you love old school adventure games! 

We have posted a video of the first Boss battle. As you progress through the game the boss battles become more intense and harder. Now just because you beat a boss doesn't mean you won't meet up another look a like. After all if you are fighting a troll, isn't it natural that there would be other trolls around? Or bears, or larges snakes, spiders, the un-dead, slugs, and many more! 

Whats old school without the old classic major hit cut scene's, we have incorporated many in the game already, and will have more as time goes on. 







We also have full blown interaction with characters. As you progress through the game you will meet new characters. You are able to choose what you want to ask the character to gain information, and more!						