
							About This Game
							StoryYuta Kiriha, a third year student who has just transferred to the University of Tsukuba, is looking for a club to join with the friends he met at the entrance ceremony. However, after scouring the notice board he hasn’t found anything that appeals to him and is about to give up and go home when...He meets a girl who leaves an intense impression on him, the kind of person you see once and never forget again. This night time meeting with the silver-haired girl is a catalyst and Yuta soon finds himself caught up in a mysterious incident.Everyone at the University of Tsukuba loses all of their memories related to Yuta. No matter what he does, each day they lose their new memories of him all over again. Yuta has been completely erased from the "memories" of the University of Tsukuba.Yuta forms a group called The Chivalric Order of Bertha with the other people he finds who are in the same situation, and together they face the mysterious amnesia phenomenon known as IMA.University of Tsukuba"Campus Notes -forget me not." is a visual novel set in the University of Tsukuba, created by 4th cluster, an indie game studio established from the same university.The University of Tsukuba is a National university that is the focus of Tsukuba Science City, a town 50km east of Tokyo. The city has a unique culture, as the area is heavily populated by students.The story is placed in true-to-life settings of Tsukuba city. Come and enjoy a slice of campus life. Meet our  heros and heroines and set out on a strange adventure, and maybe even fall in love...Features・Over 10 hours of gameplay・Multiple endings・Sci-Fi genre・Full HD Graphics・Set in an existing Japanese city・Graphics all based on real scenery・Original Japanese theme song"IMAGINE THE FUTURE." is a registered trademark by the University of Tsukuba.--Web-------------------4th-cluster    http://4th-cluster.com/Dogenzaka Lab    http://dogenzaka-lab.com/Translated by　Flyhigh Works Co., Ltd.    http://flyhighworks.jp/--YOUTUBE-------------------https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCzYVL4JKS_SrffcCFTEmQNg--SNS-------------------https://twitter.com/Dogenzaka_Labhttps://www.facebook.com/DogenzakaLab/						