
							About This Software
							AudioDirector gives you total control over the editing, mixing, and mastering of your video’s soundtrack, sound effects, and even dialogue.  Cutting-edge restoration tools allow you to restore and work with files that have audio flaws or imperfections. Seamless integration with PowerDirector allows for faster round-trip editing and reduced production times. You can also directly edit sounds in existing videos and save to any of six popular video file formats.Features:Audio Editing for Your Video ProjectsAudioDirector works flawlessly with PowerDirector, providing smooth round-trip editing. You can import a wide range of video formats, including the latest H.265 and 2K/4K video. Audio effects can be synchronized to specific video frames using the intuitive visual editing tool. The new Automated Dialogue Alignment tool allows you to dub in/replace the dialogue in an audio track, automatically synchronizing it with the video clip.Easily Remove Clicks, Hums & NoiseRemoving audio imperfections in sound recordings is made easy with an advanced visual restoration interface that lets you use both your eyes and ears to identify and isolate audio problems. A detailed spectral frequency display accurately visualizes what your ears hear, clearly highlighting areas that require audio repair and enabling quick and simple removal of hisses, hums, pops and crackles. Add Creative EffectsWith thirteen versatile audio effects and a visual effects timeline, AudioDirector gives you total control over every component in your audio mix. The Vocal Transformer lets you change existing vocals in your track to one of five presets, and also allows you to modify voice pitch and timbre. You can choose to work in either timecode or beats per minute timing base, and download many free sound clips from DirectorZone.Simplified Multitrack MixingUse the Surround Sound Panner allows you to pan the audio of a selected audio clip to any or all of the available channels. Simultaneous multitrack recording lets you manage and mix multiple tracks like a professional. Record over specific sections of audio easily with new loop recording. Smart transitions enable seamless transitions between tracks. Precisely control volume for each track with the mixer panel.Produce High Resolution Tracks in Surround SoundCreate sophisticated surround sound projects using dynamic panning technology on any existing mono or multichannel audio file. The enhanced Surround Sound Panner provides precise control over speaker output, and lets you set timed repeats of established sound pans, for an ultra-realistic audio effect. You can now produce in FLAC and APE audio formats.						