
							About This Content
							Deluxe pack contains a variety of useful items and a special currency for purchases in the in-game store. This elite set is meant for real warriors who aim to win at whatever the cost, and its contents won’t leave anyone indifferent. Go for a quest with plenty of consumables, wings and permanent costume. Prove that you are the best! Also, with this pack you will get 25 GXP (special currency for the in-game store), to replenish your supplies. Buying the pack you will get a set of items at discount! Please remember that you can only buy the Starter pack once.The pack contains: 4 Platinum Potion of Concentration (168 hours) Decreases the cooldown of all skills by 50%. 20 Activity potions (20 min.)This set will make your character to become a furious berserker for a short period of time!  1 Ring of Experience (30 days)Enchanted ring with a seal of wisdom that gives you a pleasant feeling of warmth. 1 set of Lucky earrings (30 days)Its stylish design suits to every set of armor, and the jewels are enchanted to bring luck to the bearer. 20 Platinum potions of Experience (3 hours) This platinum potion will increase the amount of experience gained by the character for 3 hours. 3 Fletta boosters (24hour) Will increase the amount of fletta points for 24 hours spent in the game. 20 Protection Capsule This useful item will protect you from losing the equipment after death. 20 scroll of Party summoning Summons the members of the party to the leader’s location. Can only be used by the party leader! Light SWAT suit kit (permanent)Put together this equipment set will grant great strength to its owner! Boots of the light SWAT suit (permanent)  Breastplate of the light SWAT suit (permanent)  Gloves of the light SWAT suit (permanent)  Pants of the light SWAT suit (permanent) 1 Necklace of Life (30 days) Increases your HP limit by 600 and MP limit by 300.   1 Guardian's Wings (avatar) (7 days) Small box with stylish wings that will make your image unforgettable! You can wear them as is or put on the magical wings in the special slot in the costume screen.  3 High quality large bags (30 days)28 slots-bag for your inventory. 25 GXPSpecial currency for purchases in the in-game shop.Some items cannot be shared. You can receive the pack you’ve bought in the “Presents” menu of the in-game store. The GXP will be added to your account immediately.						