
							About This Game
							The Wild West...The turning point of all Western civilisation, the dawn of an era- for the first time in decades people could leave their hard lives all over the world with the hopes of becoming rich beyond their wildest dreams.Do you want to make money out of the gold rush? Or do you have other plans in mind? No matter! Whatever you want to do, you will be able to do in Frontier! Currently in Early Access, we have huge plans for development and a dedicated team who is ready to bring you a steady stream of updates so you're always finding new features to discover. With everything from tobacco farming and cigarette rolling to crime fighting and destroying evidence in the works, we are working towards creating the most diverse simulation of the frontier movement ever imagined for gamers to experience!But what's it all about?Frontier is whatever you want it to be. The current version already brings you a robust building system, resource gathering, stunning graphics with PBR textures, a huge map (which is tiny in comparison to the final world we're constructing), 6 types of animal to hunt, alcohol to keep you entertained on your travels, wild hallucinogenic plants to harvest and consume, a butchery system so you can skin dead animals, plus a beautiful and dynamic weather simulation.But this is only the beginning.Frontier is in it's infancy. Over the next few months, the game will grow to include countless new features, including intelligent NPCs to populate your cities, a detailed economic simulation, and an enormous and lore-rich environment, just to name a tiny amount of what we have planned.Our designs revolve around player freedom. We want to put the world in your hands, giving you complete control over how you live your life in the Wild West. Create settlements and manage your people, become a cattle baron and make your fortune, compete in drinking contests in one of your own saloons, trade goods, fight outlaws, rob banks and engage in the hundreds of activities we have planned!Upcoming FeaturesYou're probably wondering exactly what we have in store for you. Well look no further, here is a brief summary of some of our more unique future updates. This list is not comprehensive, and is subject to change (with the guidance of the Steam community, although we fully intend to include everything on this list);NPCs- A wide range of intelligent characters to settle your towns, spend money in your shops and interact with you throughout the worldAn authentic arsenal stocked with period-correct weaponry, carrying everything from Winchesters to Gatling gunsMany more blocks for our building system, allowing you to create expensive, upscale mansions and cozy campsitesEnormous, lore-rich map system for you to explore, with different areas bringing their own environments and wildlifeDiverse activities system, bringing you everything from drinking contests and shooting challenges to bar brawls and bounty huntingIndepth "Vice" System- New drugs to harvest and create, illegal activities to take part in for quick cash, and even poker tournamentsCommunity InvolvementCommunity involvement is going to be key to the development of Frontier. We want to know exactly what you like and don't like, and exactly what you want to see brought to the game in future updates. The team will be talking to players to hear their opinions and suggestions, and we openly welcome you to come and talk to us on the discussions forums or in our official Steam group.						