
							About This Software
							Family Tree Heritage makes searching for ancestors and creating your tree easy. Find records and important documents for your ancestors with one click for seamless searches to the world’s largest genealogy database FREE – no subscription required. 

Don't lose your hard work now that Family Tree Maker is retired. Save your trees, charts & research locally with Family Tree Heritage! Export your data files from Family Tree Maker into Family Tree Heritage. Search Ancestry.com directly from Family Tree Heritage, if you are an Ancestry subscriber.

Fast & Easy! Find Your Ancestors and Create Your Family Tree!
 Create Your Family Tree – Quick & Easy! 
 Search Your Ancestors – FREE!*
 Share Your Family Story – Charts, Books & More!

Direct Access to FamilySearch
Family Tree Heritage is fully integrated with the new Family Tree of FamilySearch. Import records directly and build your family tree quickly.
 No subscription required for worldwide searches
 Search billions of records with 1-click from the software
 Easy access to nearly 1 billion documents and records—Free!

Design Trees, Charts & Reports!
Create colorful trees, heirloom-quality charts, reports and family books that will be cherished by your family members now and in future years, with Family Tree Heritage’s genealogy design tools.

New Features
Exciting new features to help you easily research your ancestors and share your family story.

Interactive Research Timeline
Uncover new information about your ancestors. The research timeline helps you uncover clues that will assist you in researching your family history by uncovering events in an ancestor’s lifetime. These events may have affected your ancestors, such as a war or immigration issue, and they can point you to additional resources to help you learn more about your ancestors. There are several pre-designed event groups to choose from. You may also add your own events. The Timeline view is interactive: click on names, dates, and places to see how it responds. A Timeline report is available for printing.

Tags
Tag ancestor similarities—up to 3 tags per person. You can create your own set of Tags and assign up to three Tags to the various individuals in your database. This is a popular and useful new feature among genealogists. The tags display on various screens and reports in Family Tree Heritage.

Color Coding
Easily identify individuals and family lines. This four color filing system has gained popularity among genealogists over the past few years. This feature allows you to add background colors to the name boxes for individuals and/or family lines. The color coding will display on various screens and reports, allowing you to easily track individuals from both the maternal and paternal sides of your mother and father’s ancestors.

Four-Color Fan Charts
Enhanced Fan Chart With color coding, you can now generate a Four-Color Fan Chart and include siblings in the first generation of the chart.

More Features than Any Other Genealogy Program!

Lists & Calendars
 End-of-Line Individuals List
 Sorted Place List
 Sorted Individuals List
 Sorted Marriages List
 Source and Citation List
 Family Reunion Contact List
 Custom Lists
 Birthday Calendar
 Anniversary Calendar

Records & Reports
 Family Group Record
 Individual Summary
 LDS Individual Reports
 LDS Couple Reports
 Modified Register
 Page of Testimony
 Blank Family Group Sheets

Advanced Management Reports
 Research Log
 Sorted Place List with Events
 Possible Problems
 Duplicate Individuals List
 Unlinked Individuals List
 Relationship Report
 Database Comparison list
 Detailed Change Log

User-Friendly Interface
 Modern Interface with 17 Skins
 Share on Flash or Thumb Drive
 1-Click Search to Billions of Records

Advanced Features
 GenRelationship™ Examiner
 Indexed & Advanced Search
 GenCollaboration™
 GenResearchManager™
 GenSourceCitation™
 MapQuest® Locator

New Features
 Color Coding to ID Generations
 Interactive Research Timeline
 Tagging
 Updated FamilySearch Database

Ancestry Charts
 Box Charts With Photos
 Standard Ancestry Chart
 Ancestry Wall Chart
 Wall Chart with Siblings

Descendant Charts
 Standard Descendants Chart
 Descendants Wall Chart
 Dropline Chart, Line of Descent
 Simple Dropline with Photos

Family Charts
 Publish a Family Book
 Ahnentafel Chart (German Ancestor Chart)
 Ahnentafel with Siblings
 Cascading Family Group Charts

Pedigree Fan Charts
 Four Color Fan Chart
 Quarter Circle Fan Chart
 Half Circle Fan Chart
 Full Circle Fan Chart

Large Wall Charts
 Ancestry Wall Charts
 Descendant Wall Charts
 Descendant Dropline Charts
 Line of Descent Charts
 Wall-Sized Fan Charts

Pedigree Charts
 Basic Pedigree Chart
 Blank Pedigree Charts
 Pedigree Chart Documented
 Pedigree Chart with Images
 Cascading Charts

Family Books & Scrapbooks
 Publish a Family Book
 Ancestral Book Reports
 Descendant Book Reports Lists & Calendars
 End-of-Line Individuals List
 Sorted Place List
 Sorted Individuals List
 Sorted Marriages List
 Source and Citation List
 Family Reunion Contact List
 Custom Lists
 Birthday Calendar
 Anniversary Calendar						