
							About This Game
							Outbreak may look like a first-person survival game and while it has quite a few survival elements that are there to distract you from your mission the game is played completely different.In Outbreak 2 factions, military and mutants, fight over areas. The military is trying to stop the mutant outbreak while the mutants are attracted by electricity and increase in numbers each time one of them dies. You, as the sole survivor of a high-tech research facility dug into the mountains, have to figure out how to stop the mutant threat. Capture them alive and experiment on them to find a cure. Push the military back and stop them from interrupting your power-supply while mutants are attempting to raid your facility. Put up defenses to fight-off the ever increasing attack waves of mutants. Craft tools like motion-trackers, turrets, landmines & weapons. Experiment on mutants and find the toxin. Capture areas in the game to weaken the factions and manage your facility.The factions in the game fight each other on the map. It is up to you how you influence this fight - taking out military troops and cleaning up areas will strategically weaken them as they are loosing ground & numbers. Mutants are a bit harder to stop as you first have to figure out how to push them back which also requires capturing one of them alive, they also evolve over time and you will see more variations of them.COOP SURVIVALThe game allows you to play coop with friends, hosting your own servers you can control who joins your game. Time is essential as the longer you play the larger the outbreak will become as it spawns out three classes of Mutants, each one larger and more deadlier than the last.Core Features Single-Player and Faction-based Co-op Survival. Play alone or with your friends who can join at any point of the game through steam. Dynamic Story-Telling and Event System. (See Below) AI Personality Profiles : Combat is dynamic, the AI might flank you, run away, call for help, depending on the situation and each NPCs personality. This is especially the case on the military side. Beautiful Open-World with dynamic Day & Night Cycle, already optimized for average PCs. Crafting System, which allows you to create weapons and upgrades using different types of machines in your facility. Building System, allows you to reinforce & upgrade your base. Looting System, each area in the game has different types of loot, you might find an area with a lot of resources for your base while other regions have higher chances for personal items like weapons, upgrades and supplies. Food/Drink System balanced to a level where it is fun. We added it to add strategy to the game, not to annoy you. Blueprint System. Find blueprints to gain access to more craft-able items. Faction AI System, non-scripted fights between mutants, military and you. Decision System, the game has been designed to react to your decisions. Capture System, areas of the game-world are contested and can be captured. NEW SINCE UPDATE 6 - Cooking System, hunt or scavenge raw food, then cook them in your facility. NEW SINCE UPDATE 9 - Wildlife has been added. NEW SINCE UPDATE 12 - Mission/Objective System has been added.Storyteller/Event SystemThere are two factions fighting, the mutants and the Military.  You must survive in this war but you can also influence the outcome as each faction spreads over the map.  The military will order air strikes against the mutants and try to hold key locations such as the town and their own military base, they will call in air supplies that can be intercepted.  The mutants will also try and take over the map and will eventually try to over run your base if they are not stopped. You have your own agenda of survival and both the mutants and military will kill you on sight.  The game will try to stop you any way it can and no two games will be the same thanks to the story telling mechanics that bring the two factions to war.						