
							About This Game
							Undead vs Plants is a new cool ricochet shooter game to download. Not all undead are stupid undeads, this undead smasher uses ricochet kills to end with nasty plants!

The rules for this undead game are simple – aim and fire and hope the bullets will go your way! The bullets bounce off everywhere, try using as less as possible to finish with the bloody monster plants in this extremely fun arcade shooting game! This is a real plants war against undeads – if you are stupid, plants will end you! You guys should prove you aren't stupid undeads, and be the smartest undead with a good strategy that can kill all the plants and save your ammo!

This bullet hell game is easy-to-handle but hard to master! This addicting game full with plants on a undead farm has 150 levels, all of which are special in their own way, and on every one of them, you can win 1, 2 or 3 stars. Try solving the puzzle of monster plants and passing all the levels with max number of stars! But beware, ammo is limited. You will need to be cagey and clever in order to be successful in this physics simulation game. Believe us, it's a tricky puzzle game, and every time you involve in solving the level, you will be brain training! This shoot 'em up immerses you in the crazy undead versus plants world where your goal is to shoot those bloody monsters plants!

Ricochet kills is the only thing that can destroy these ragdoll plants – aim the right angle, and use your bullets wisely. Using different helps and upgrades will be very helpful in your adventure! This shooter game offers:

Smack Attack when your undead gets stuck on any level,
Ammo Revival when you shoot all of the bullets and bloody monster plants are still alive; 


Shoot and travel through different plants and undeads' worlds – from blurry caves to sunny beaches and wild jungles. 

If you love physics game and are in the mood for some serious gun shooting fun then this addicting  game of ricochet is great for you.
 
This HD fun game of undead versus plants will offer an intense experience for hardcore gamers, yet remaining accessible to new casual gamers. Don't be stupid – come & play Undead vs Plants now for a great experience!						