
							About This Software
							3D animation software did not evolve much during the last 25 years... until Akeytsu, a brand new 3D software dedicated solely to animation and rigging developed by nukeygara came out on the market. Disruptive, fast and easy Akeytsu is an intuitive software for Indie game creators.akeytsu’s motto: designed by/for animators… designed to be easy and funEven if 3D animation is intrinsically an artistic endeavour, it unfortunately has been transformed into a high-level technical activity by most of the software in the market. These programs are overly complicated with an endless learning curve. With its artistic-oriented approach and its unique interface, akeytsu breaks up classic standards of current broad-based solutions by providing a new "animation & rigging only" workflow built on simplicity, rapidity,  velocity and ergonomics. The result is an uncompromising design where each and every feature was thought for animators. And not only for professional animators, akeytsu is so easy that now anyone can create quick posings and have fun by discovering 3D animation.game industry  as targetAt nukeygara we made a choice : providing 3D animation access to the huge community of game/indie game developers. Most of them stick with 2D due to 3D issues: overly technical, skills lacking in teams, long learning curves, etc. This situation has to change ! The first akeytsu version and its solid FBX format support in/out fits perfectly with game studios needs and especially Unity 3D or Unreal Engine workflows.key features	skeletal animation (akeytsu stacker keyframing system)	akeytsu spinner manipulator handling	animation layers (akeytsu mixer)	F-Curve editor integrated into the 3D viewport (akeytsu curveboard)    cycle special features (akeytsu cyclemaker)	keyframe onion ghosts	mesh controls (akeytsu light rig)	IK/FK solver (akeytsu light rig)	skeleton creation and editing (akeytsu light rig)	skinning creation with Skin Painter and vertices editing 	animation bank	multi-views layouts	multi-files handling	FBX import/export (multi-animations export)	4K monitor supportupcoming features and improvements	cameras (import, export, creation & editing)	IK auto reverse-foot    blendshapes	and many more…Why Early Access?At nukeygara we think that offering akeytsu in Early Access is a win-win deal for both users and us. On one hand, even though all the V1 features are not included yet, akeytsu does the job and allow users to produce quality animations for their games at a highly low price ( more than 50% off ). On the other hand, user feedbacks and testing, help us to develop the product they want and to track and resolve some bugs to acquire the best stability possible before the launch of the V1. At nukeygara we think that offering akeytsu in Early Access is a win-win deal for both users and us. On one hand, even though all the V1 features are not included yet, akeytsu does the job and allow users to produce quality animations for their games at a highly low price (more than 50% off ). On the other hand, user feedbacks and testing, help us to develop the product they want and to track and resolve some bugs to acquire the best stability possible before the launch of the V1.Approximately how long will this software be in Early Access?akeytsu is still in Early Access in terms of pricing only, as we are deactivated the Beta period, we have released the last update before the V1 version will come out.How is the full version planned to differ from the Early Access version?The core product is already there, providing a basic but strong 3D animation and rigging workflow. Now we have a robust architecture in place, our goal is to add missing features (such as f.i:  camera support, IK auto reverse foot, animation layers additive blend mode, etc.) as well as improving existing ones (such as f.i: IK constraints, bind skin algorithm, etc.).Future major updates (V2, V3, etc.) with blendshapes, motion capture features, etc. are planned as well as a Mac OS version.What is the current state of the Early Access version?So far akeytsu is already a stable, fully functional and efficient 3D animation/rigging package for all Indie game developer basic needs. Meaning that if you don't have movie characters to animate (with tons of constraints, dynamic clothes, muscles, complexive rigs, etc.), akeytsu is without any doubt a very efficient choice for you! Some indie studios already use it to develop their games.Will the game be priced differently during and after Early Access?During Early Access period we offer the software at a high discounted price (about 50% of the final price) so it is definitely a hot deal.And even after Early Access time, the final price will be clearly low for such 3D animation and rigging software.Notice: about akeytsu Indie license, we authorize the use of akeytsu Indie to any company/entity making less than US$200K revenu per year .						