
							About This Content
							Calling all heroes who want more than the ordinary status quo! Behold the Gem Maker’s Guide Pack which equips you with everything you need to unlock extra stats through gems. Obtain gems from Shining Hero Gem Boxes, and use Dawn Hammers to enchant your gems to reach a superior level. The Strong Special Item Coupon is the cherry on top to complement your enhanced powers. Use this guide pack to experience the full impact of Shining Hero Gems in your daily adventures!Package Contents3x Shining Hero Gem Box - Which Shining Hero Gem will you gain? Shining Iris, Shining Muwen or Dark Moon Gem may be inside this box!1x Shining Hero 4th Gem Box - Unlock one special 4th gem out of three: Shining Iris Dragonfruit Gem, Shining Muwen Almond Gem, Shining Dark Moon Croissant Gem.10x Super Dawn Hammer Coupon – This coupon is the key to feeling stronger and more successful. Use Super Dawn Hammer to fortify your gems of levels  1~10, with a 10% higher success rate!10x Lesser Dawn Hammer – Hammer out upgraded stats and make your gems superior! Use the Lesser Dawn Hammer to enchant gems up to level 5. 10x Greater Dawn Hammer – Enchanted gems can use an extra boost to reach its full potential. Use the Greater Dawn Hammer to enchant gems of levels 6 and up.10x Strong Special Item Coupon – Visit Toma at the City of Belos to redeem this coupon. Various high-grade items are within your reach!How to RedeemTo redeem your item package and receive your items, please follow these simple steps after making your purchase:Right-click La Tale in your Steam library, select 'View CD key', highlight the package you wish to redeem, and select 'COPY KEY TO CLIPBOARD'.Launch the game, and log in with the character you wish to receive the item package with.Open the Fashion Shop located at the bottom of the screen, and click 'Get Astros'.In the space provided under ‘Item Package Redemption’, right-click, and select ‘paste’.Click 'Redeem'.After successfully redeeming your key, claim your items by talking to any Storage NPC (found in each town) and selecting the Gift Bundle option. You can also access your Gift Bundle at the top-left of your main screen.Please note that it may take up to 15 minutes after redeeming your item package key for the items to be sent to your Gift Bundle.About La TaleWelcome to the world of La Tale! Choose your own path within a land of ever-unfolding stories!La Tale is a free-to-play, massively multi-player online role-playing game (MMORPG), with classic 2D side-scrolling action. The game features over 50 character classes: each with unique skills and weapons. With near-endless character customization, pets, crafting, and guilds… will you still allow fearsome foes to defy you?Journey across strange and beautiful lands: full of mystery, sorcery, science, art, music, and wild sights you’ll have to push to discover yourself... Uncover the tale of Iris Livier, and begin your own tale now!Key FeaturesOver 50 classes at your disposal.Develop your playstyle by utilizing innumerable unlockable skills.Tackle huge bosses with friends or by the power of your own hand.Explore two gigantic worlds with open and undiscovered areas.Customize your character's appearance with near-endless options.Raise pets with unique skills to accompany you.Persevere to Level 220, all while choosing your own skill path.Join a guild and work together to increase bonuses.Raise your ranking by combating other players in PvP.Craft unique equipment, accessories, and mysterious items.Start your own business with a personal shop.Compatible with both controller and keyboard & mouse setup.Participate in fantastic events to win rare prizes and recognition.Regular bi-weekly updates.						