
							About This Content
							The road to becoming legendary is both epic and dangerous! Be sure to begin your journey with the Legendary Starter Pack!Package Contents1x Priring Coupon - Begin your tale with La Tale's most recognizable pet. You will never be lonely with a Priring around!1x Seres Equipment Box - Unlock this box to get your hands on the complete Goddess Seres armor set! Channel the power of Goddess Seres!35x Goddess Seres' Amazing Stone - Use this stone to make Goddess Seres' armor even more poweful up to Level 140!1x Sun Flower Service Uniform - Nothing else brightens your day suiting up for duty!1x Sun Flower Pin - Be sure to show off this sassy pin to not only light up your day but everyone else around you, too.1x Sun Flower Warmer - And you thought ordinary slippers were comfortable... clearly you haven't tried these on yet!How to RedeemTo redeem your item package and receive your items, please follow these simple steps after making your purchase:Right-click La Tale in your Steam library, select 'View CD key', highlight the package you wish to redeem, and select 'COPY KEY TO CLIPBOARD'.Launch the game, and log in with the character you wish to receive the item package with.Open the Fashion Shop located at the bottom of the screen, and click 'Get Astros'.In the space provided under ‘Item Package Redemption’, right-click, and select ‘paste’.Click 'Redeem'.After successfully redeeming your key, claim your items by talking to any Storage NPC (found in each town) and selecting the Gift Bundle option. You can also access your Gift Bundle at the top-left of your main screen.Please note that it may take up to 15 minutes after redeeming your item package key for the items to be sent to your Gift Bundle.About La TaleWelcome to the world of La Tale! Choose your own path within a land of ever-unfolding stories!La Tale is a free-to-play, massively multi-player online role-playing game (MMORPG), with classic 2D side-scrolling action. The game features over 50 character classes: each with unique skills and weapons. With near-endless character customization, pets, crafting, and guilds… will you still allow fearsome foes to defy you?Journey across strange and beautiful lands: full of mystery, sorcery, science, art, music, and wild sights you’ll have to push to discover yourself... Uncover the tale of Iris Livier, and begin your own tale now!Key FeaturesOver 50 classes at your disposal.Develop your playstyle by utilizing innumerable unlockable skills.Tackle huge bosses with friends or by the power of your own hand.Explore two gigantic worlds with open and undiscovered areas.Customize your character's appearance with near-endless options.Raise pets with unique skills to accompany you.Persevere to Level 220, all while choosing your own skill path.Join a guild and work together to increase bonuses.Raise your ranking by combating other players in PvP.Craft unique equipment, accessories, and mysterious items.Start your own business with a personal shop.Compatible with both controller and keyboard & mouse setup.Participate in fantastic events to win rare prizes and recognition.Regular bi-weekly updates.						