
							About This Game
							Do you remember when as a little child you were sent to fetch something from the cellar and you were always afraid that something's lurking there in the darkness? Cellar will allow you to go back to these days and face the greatest fears from your childhood - join Lily on her quest to find her missing teddy, Blackbear the Pirate!Cellar is a short, casual game created in pixel art. Gameplay is presented in top-down view (like Bomberman or early Zelda installments). At the core, the game requires you to find your way through a maze of crates and other stuff stocked in a basement and get the key that unlocks the door to next level. The ultimate goal is to find your lost teddy bear while avoiding dangerous traps and monsters that lurk in the cellar.You're still here? OK, so here's some hard facts about the game: It's a fine variation of Bomberman/Dyna Blaster in the world of Sokoban (you know, because of all the crates)  The game auto-saves only at the beginning of each level. Deal with it.  There are 8 levels. That's right, 8 of them.  It's a perfect choice to boost up your completion / achievement rate on Steam. You can get a nice, round 100% in about 1 hour, unless you turn out really bad at this game.  We actually said this already, but the expected playtime is about 1 hour. Enough for a refreshing break from all those well-known, repetitive AAA titles, but still short enough to keep you from getting frustrated.  You CAN actually speedrun through the game in 15 minutes, even though you're in a cellar and not a vault. Are you up for a challenge? Speaking of challenge, there's also an additional, time-based difficulty setting that becomes playable after you beat the game once.  There are Steam Achievements, including those horrible hidden ones that you'll be dying to figure out before someone finally posts a guide for this game.  You can play it with a controller from the comfort of your couch. Or you can keep standing, that's fine too.  If you're still reading this, then we'd suggest you get the game, cause it seems we seriously got your attention. 						