
							About This Software
							ENGAGE is a new free to use education and presentation platform that seeks to transform how people share ideas and teach lessons to each other globally by harnessing the power of virtual reality technologies such as the Oculus Rift & HTC Vive. 

Engage is a social learning platform where educators will be furnished with the tools they need to enable them to create their own lesson plans and immersive experiences, transforming how educational content is delivered to their students. 
 
Engage also enables people and businesses to connect in a more intimate way by placing you inside the meeting room and allowing users to collaborate using tools such as our interactive white board system. The Engage platform is also Dropbox and OneDrive compatible meaning you can share all your files and media inside a virtual environment.  PowerPoints, video files, audio files and spreadsheets have never been easier to share. You can even share YouTube videos.    

Engage is a multi-user system allowing up to 30 users into a single private lesson or meeting from any location to experience content in a more enhanced way with our “ Immersive FX “ presenter system. This system allows the host to stream in virtual assets that can be interacted with to make presentations and lessons more fun and intuitive. You can also change the digital environment instantly bringing users on a field trip to exotic locations like our Martian surface environment. 
 
Engage also allows educators and presenters to record their classes and lessons so they can edit them later and publish them on the platform. We call this system “Projected Presence “. Projected Presence allows the presenter or educator to record themselves as they give a lecture or presentation. Projected Presence records their Voice, their Avatar’s movements, and their projected media. Users can then sit down and watch themselves present and if they are happy with the results they can publish their projected presence for the public to enjoy. 

Projected presence can also allow you to be in multiple places at once. If you want to provide live talk in more than one room at the same time your avatar can be beamed into multiple rooms to thousands of people giving the illusion that you attended each room personally to talk directly to the users within. 

This early preview release of the Engage platform is just a small part of what is to come as we test out some of our network features and streaming capabilities. We are rapidly developing and updating the system over the next few months and want to hear from educational institutes, digital content creators and businesses wanting take the next big leap in digital media and Engage directly with their clients and students.						