
							About This Content
							A Simple yet powerful live streaming and recording softwareXSplit powers countless live streams and recordings around the world and is the perfect choice for producing rich video content with the video games you love.Sign up for an XSplit license and get access to:XSplit Broadcaster A revolutionary audio/video mixing application that allows anyone to create professional quality live broadcasts and video recordings using a simple and intuitive interface that anyone can master.XSplit Gamecaster  Easily stream and record your greatest gaming moments at the click of a button. It’s simple, easy to use, and perfect for sharing your gameplay with the world.Two Applications, One License!Professional Production FeaturesIf XSplit Broadcaster, is your canvas then multimedia sources are your paint. When producing a broadcast, add everything from your videos and music to your webcam and remote guests from skype. An XSplit Premium license lets you utilize enhanced audio features for higher fidelity sound, and preview and edit new shots before going live with our scene preview editor.Display Your Webcam and Remove BackgroundIt's easier than ever to add, resize and reposition your webcam, whether you're streaming or recording gameplay. With an XSplit Premium license activate Chroma Key and make your broadcast even more immersive using a green screen transparency effect.Custom Plugins and IntegrationsXSplit Broadcaster features a wealth of customizations thanks to our plugin store, letting you further personalize your broadcast with donation alerts, music requests and more. You can even develop your own! The possibilities are endless. Edit and upload RecordingsXSplit Premium makes it easy to sort through and manage any recorded gameplay, letting you even assemble and edit together captures with in-built editor. Once finished simply upload your videos straight to YouTube and share them across your favorite social networks, all without leaving the application.Chat and Follower NotificationsAn XSplit Premium license makes interaction easy with friends and fans, whether using the integrated chat or by sharing when you go live directly to Facebook and Twitter. Being able to broadcast from a single screen is important which is why we have also added in-game follower notifications for Twitch for XSplit Gamecaster.Supports all Capture CardsXSplit Broadcaster and XSplit Gamecaster works great with all major capture card brands including Elgato, AverMedia, Hauppauge, Magewell and more! For a full list of supported devices click here.						