
							About This Game
							In the seas of the distant future, humans have all but disappeared.Now fish and crustaceans fight great wars, shooting deadly rays of light at each other.In your current, newly awakened state, you are no more than a piece of seafood.But you have also been blessed with talent for leading your allies in battle.Ransack the reefs. Discover an underwater world. Raise an army. Multiply your victories.Do whatever it takes to become the Ace of Seafood.More about the gameDefeat enemies, increase allies, hone your strengths, secure reefs and voyage the seas from top to bottom!"Ace of Seafood" is a third-person action game in which you build a party of up to 6 fish/crustaceans, exploring the vast ocean and battling with various marine life in order to expand your dominance of the ocean. At the beginning, you need to share your secret desire to become one of the seafood.Take control of an array of sea creatures and freely explore the ocean in an open-world map. You will engage in battle with various forms of sea-life in order to capture and take control of the reefs they guard. The reefs serve as bases from which you can strengthen your allies and breed more of them.  As you multiply your victories, you will be able to control a stronger force and explore a wider region.In battle, your allies will follow the commands of the Ace (that's you) which include battle formation and special abilities. In this world, sea creatures possess the ability to shoot powerful rays of light that can destroy just about anything. Did you get it? No? Why?NEW FEATUREAn online mode has been added to the latest version of the game! You can create an account at the top screen (see image below). When you log in and go to the load data screen, an "UPLOAD" option is displayed to the right. Use this option to upload to the server and share your account between iOS, Android versions and other PCs etc.And as a bonus, once you have beaten the game you will be able to battle the Ace Team of someone who has uploaded their data to there server.Note: When uploading, if you do not specify names for the team and team members, they will not appear in the game world for other players.Also, from "CONFIG", if you turn "ONLINE FEATURE" to "OFF", the teams of other players will not attack. (Attack is on by default).Developer's VoiceHmm, what kind of game should I make...I'd love to float endlessly through a vast, rich world.I'd want to speed around freely in all directions, in a splendid formation.I'd also want to dig a hole and explore the world underground.I'd want to challenge monsters several times my size.I'd want to shoot laser beams from my mouth...and so on.So many dreams...and to think that playing as seafood would be the answer to all of them.Behold, the school of fish and their subtle movements, built on experience from battles past. Admire the underground tunnels dug out by the shrimp. Discover the monsters that lurk in the deep, and the creatures which can light up the darkest parts of the ocean!Why, even I could not create such amazing creatures in my mind....So instead, let me be the one to tell you of their legacy.This is the epic tale of the champion of an ocean world.And epic tales are known to have a bit of exaggeration...						