
							About This Game
							Caveblazers is an action focused platformer roguelike set in a fantasy world. Each game is unique with procedurally generated levels to explore and a massive amount of items, weapons and equipment to discover.The game takes place in a recently discovered cave, said to hold "unimaginable power". You play as an adventurer setting out to explore the cave and find out what riches it holds, however you are not the only one...As you delve deeper in to the cave, you'll discover new areas to explore, new weapons and new monsters to try them out on.Key Features AI Characters - Throughout your journey in Caveblazers you will encounter other adventurers. These adventurers can help you in your journey, and help you defeat the other AI characters: Orcs & Goblins! The advanced pathfinding system means that friendly characters will be able to follow you wherever you go, and hostile characters will be able to track you down wherever you hide. There is no escape. Be afraid! Platformer Roguelike - Caveblazers is a modern platformer which incorporates some Roguelike and RPG elements such as permanent death, randomized potion identities, an RPG-style inventory system and tons of items, equipment and upgrades! Procedural Level Generation - Each level is procedurally generated, fully destructible, and full of monsters, items & things for the you to smash! Epic Boss Fights - Between each area you'll encounter a boss. Each boss is very unique, requiring a different strategy to defeat. Bosses are generally gigantic monstrosities with life bars stretching across the entire screen. Good luck! Character Customization - A whole load of unlockable hats, tunics, trousers, robes, and more! Compelling Combat - Largely overlooked in other modern Roguelike games, Caveblazers attempts to move away from the simplistic combat systems we've seen in other games in the genre, and incorporates fun, fluid and fast-paced combat which is accentuated by the game's brutal and persistent blood effects. Challenges - In case that isn't enough content, Caveblazers features a bunch of challenges for the well seasoned players to take a punt at. These challenges reward players with new items, weapons & perks!Planned FeaturesThe features in the full release will largely depend on community feedback. However, our initial thoughts about future features are as follows: Loads more items, weapons, equipment, etc. Improvements to the AI characters, making them smarter and more varied. Additional areas. More secrets & mystery. An ending.						