
							About This Game
							In Tyto Ecology, you have the power to create your own biodome and fill it with life!Start with an empty biodome as your canvas, then create a rich, diverse ecosystem by balancing producers, consumers, and decomposers. You’re in control as you work to create a functioning ecosystem from the ground up, problem solving to learn life science principles. Tyto Ecology, an ecology simulation game, teaches Next Generation Science Standards to learners in a fun and innovative way! This is a calm, slow-paced game (at least until things start going wrong) that encourages learning through experimentation as you work to sustain, or destroy, life. Up to a year of time can pass while you are away, so you come back to changes in your ecosystem and potentially several problems to handle each time you return to the game.Features:Build and create your own self-sustaining ecosystemOver 70 animals and plants to customize your biodomesUse the data tool's map to monitor your ecosystemEarn achievements by completing ecological challenges Sandbox game with hours of replayability Use Photo Mode to capture the perfect momentEducational gameplay that fits with Middle and High School Next Generation Science StandardsAbout the EcosystemTyto Ecology is not just another building game or something where the player's actions don't have meaning and consequence. In order to master the game, the player is mastering life science principles. The ecosystem begins with producers, plants that are the basis of each biome, with plants regenerate leaves that are eaten by animals (depending on how healthy they are). The plants have vegetative, flowering, and/or fruiting reproduction cycles, including a need for pollinators in order to successfully pass through the blooming phase, and animals must eat fruit in order for the most possible amount of seeds to germinate and begin. Next come the consumers: herbivores, insectivores, predators, scavengers, and omnivores. These animals live and breed in territories over time, eating their appropriate food, and in many cases becoming food. Some plants and animals are poisonous or tough (like tortoises), limiting which animals can eat them! In addition to managing all this over many different species, each plant and animal creates detritus over time, and decomposers must be used in order to complete the cycle of life! If detritus builds up, poop, bones, and debris will begin to appear in your ecosystem and the health of everything in it will be reduced.						