
							About This Game
							A steampunk themed social online RPG taking inspiration from books by Alexey Pehov.  Conquer the skies of this enormous world in your own flying ship. Trade, fight, forge alliances, and study ancient mysteries; be the master of your fate! LuckCatchers is a seamless open-world game which offers players a boundless wealth of freedom. Become the founder of your own settlement, a famous dragon hunter, or a slayer of sky pirates; it’s all up to you. Rather than typecast the player, forcing them to follow a script, the game offers up every opportunity to exercise freedom of choice. Challenge other players and prove your mastery as the captain of an airship in fierce real-time battles. Build and develop your settlement to unlock new and more powerful ships! A detailed, elaborate and enormous universeAlexey Pehov’s World on the Border of the Inside Out awaits its heroes! Although the game is set 300 years before the events of the books, it remains that very same world with its warm sun, gentle ocean, and tropical islands. Sky pirates and gallant captains prowl that world’s skies; banditry and smuggling run rampant, rum flows, and everyone respects the men and women of the skies. Incredible aerobatics and breathtaking adventure awaits anyone ready to catch their luck in the World on the Border of the Inside Out! Real-time PvP battlesHone your combat skills in riveting, fast-paced battles against human opponents. Every ship is unique, every weapon has its strengths and weaknesses: learn them all and become a true ace! A strong social and economic componentThe game’s economy is designed around players actively participation. Anything can be bought and sold! Build your own settlements, which will bring you valuable resources. Develop and sell the blueprints for new dragnofliers of your own design. Commission things from other players; doing the work earns them a reward while saving you time! Build a military supply trade network; there’ll always be a market for it! Ship leveling and upgrade systemA capacious trading barque, a swift dragonflier, an insanely armed steam galleon, or a nimble pirate schooner—the choice is yours! Upgrade your ship to perfection with state-of-the-art steam-and-magic technology!  A unified, seamless universeThe LuckCatchers universe is not split into zones or individual areas; every part of it is accessible to every player at all times—unless, of course, the player gets shot down en route. Unique political optionsThere’s no need for bloody warfare over every scrap of land. Brave explorers of the unknown will be able to claim the lands they first discovered, while a seasoned diplomat can negotiate a diplomatic transfer. That said, conquest through force is still an option!  GovernorshipWhat can be better than becoming a governor and collecting taxes from every player who works on your land? And any player can attain this status! A flexible reputation systemNotorious pirates and smugglers are seldom welcome in large cities. The locals’ opinion of such trades is concisely summed up by an anti-aircraft gun salvo. On the other hand, bona fide traders and law-abiding captains may even enjoy the protection of the city authorities in the areas surrounding that city. Your reputation can be both ally and enemy!						