
							About This Content
							The Fairchild PT-26 was an American monoplane primary trainer aircraft that served with the United States Army Air Force, RAF and RCAF during World War II. It was a contemporary of the kaydet biplane trainer and was used by the USAAF during Primary Flying Training and was used to train new pilots before passing them on to the more agile kaydet. The final variant was the PT-26 which used the Ranger L-440-7 engine. The version recreated for FSX: Steam Edition is a Fairchild PT-26 Cornell which has been recently restored and ready for its first test flight. It includes a Hobbs engine hours gauge that tracks your engine time. As the gauge is “used”, it starts at 19,100 hours. You can teach your friends to fly, take a scenic flight or fly this one of a kind aircraft on an amazing low river run. The panel is based on the original configuration with a few minor changes: the wet compass has been moved up to the canopy, the RPM gauge moved to where the wet compass was, and in its place there is a custom dual clock for tracking your flight time. The custom wobble pump lever allows you to add pressure to the fuel pressure gauge and in return you get real world pressure levels for an accurate start up procedure. The PT-26 has 2 fuel gauges which are located on the top of each wing which includes virtual cockpit views for both fuel gauges and the GTX330 transponder. Developed with the help from a veteran commercial pilot who restored a real world PT-26, you can expect exceptional accuracy and attention to detail in this aircraft package!Features: High quality 3D gauges HD textures with 2D Bump effects / World Reflections / Specular effects Self-shadowing effects throughout the interior model Bones animation Custom sound set Flysimware's virtual cockpit sound module adds over 10 bonus sounds Custom XML coding for realistic gauges and animations  Hobbs engine hours gauge GTX330 Transponder Over-stress sound included  High quality pilots with self-animated head movements Working custom wobble pump  Bones animated pilot (Throttle & stick control)  High quality 4 stage propeller and prop effects Custom Sound Set  Bonus custom sound module includes over 10 bonus sounds Two paint schemes: -Civilian - 163 (restored)-Civilian - N10674 (restored)						