
							About This Game
							*EmergeNYC at this state in Early Access*EmergeNYC is currently in Pre-Alpha State Tech Demo. This tech demo will allow players to drive all of the vehicles that we have currently completed and will be updated with more vehicles and features every week. The tech demo also gives players the chance to experiment with some core mechanics of the game and report bugs or feedback to be fixed and modified in daily patches.*Planned for full release*In EmergeNYC players will be thrown into a large dynamic and open-world which is based on a fictional New York City. Players will be able to take the role of a single member of a unit and possess the ability to switch to other units and personnel, command fellow AI firefighters and police officers, or join an online session and work with up to 32 players to protect the city and keep it running. EmergeNYC goes into depth when it comes to Emergency Simulation Games and aims to go where no other games in the genre have imagined. When starting EmergeNYC, you will be able to pick between Single Player Free Play and Co-Operative Multiplayer Free Play. In Single Player mode, you will have the ability to mesh how you want to play. If you prefer to have more control over things, you can play in Dispatcher/IC Mode, dispatching units to emergencies, and commanding units from above in an RTS and Emergency 4 inspired fashion.If you want to be more personal and interactive, Direct Control Mode is the way to go. When you switch to Direct Control, you will be able to take control of a single member of any unit whether it be an FDNY company, 2 NYPD Officers on a patrol, or EMS Partners awaiting a medical emergency. This mode functions as an advanced Third/First Person Simulation with a camera and character controller similar to Grand Theft Auto and other Open-World, Adventure, and Simulation games. EmergeNYC features realistic driving mechanics which accurately recreate the handling of different fire apparatus, police vehicles, and ambulances. Players will have the ability to switch between 3rd Person and 1st Person Cockpit cameras as well as have full control over their vehicles, including lights and sirens. In EmergeNYC, we have managed to create an advanced and stunning lighting system allowing the player to switch between different lighting patterns in a variety of different light bars and lighting setups. We have also given players full control of the siren(s) of their vehicle with the ability to wind up and down manual sirens seamlessly, honk the airhorns and switch between automatic siren modes. Traffic and pedestrians respond differently with how you use your sirens and horns.  FireFighters will be able to equip almost 2 dozen different types of equipment and tools which aid in whatever situation is facing them. Force doors open with a halligan, an axe, or a hydraulic rabbit tool, its your choice. Cut open a roll down door blocking access to a fire with a K12 Saw, get up to a window, scaffolding, roof top, or fire escape with different sized extension ladders. Knock down fires with different sized hoses, each one more difficult to maneuver through buildings and aim than the other. As a fireman you will also be able to rescue people, perform basic medical procedures to stabilize a victim, extricate people from vehicles, and more. Gameplay as a firefighter is primarily 3rd Person, however when applying your SCBA Air Pack and Face Mask before entering a burning building, you will be forcefully put into First Person Mode. This is done to try and simulate the visibility, sounds, and what it is like to be inside of a fire. Police Officers have much different but just as interactive and exciting gameplay. EmergeNYC aims to take the stereotypical police game out of the equation and focus more on what police officers in New York City face each day while also throwing the player into intense and risky situations. Lethal force is rarely necessary and this is a police game that tries to not glorify weapons, or constant shootings. In EmergeNYC, police officers will be negotiating with armed suspects, suicidal peeps, chasing down robbery suspects on foot, and if necessary as a last resort, using lethal force. However, gameplay as a police officer is not always like the movies. Players will still be performing traffic stops, writing tickets to double parked vehicles, directing traffic at emergency scenes, and performing crowd control. As an EMT/Paramedic in EmergeNYC, you will be experiencing the most in depth treatment and medical procedure system in any game. Players will be able to perform real life treatments, administer medications, perform life saving techniques and monitor a patient's vital signs with the one goal of keeping them alive at an emergency scene and en-route to the hospital. From minor medical emergencies such as a diabetic suffering from hypoglycemia, to a catastrophic trauma like a civilian hit by a bus, or even pinned under a subway train. Gameplay will have the ability to be handicapped for players with no medical experience to have room for mistakes and learn basic medical procedures and treatments for different types of illnesses and injuries.In EmergeNYC, players will be able to join up to 32 friends on private or open user created servers with customization settings. Players will be able to work together, ride together and handle emergencies together. With an Arma inspired server lobby, once a player joins a server, any open position in a fire company, police patrol, or ambulance is able to be filled by a player. One player will have the ability to play as the dispatcher with an RTS view of the city and notify which units to respond to emergencies when they arise. With an established rank system, players who have filled sergeant, lieutenant, captain, or chief positions will have a variety of commands available to give to AI or fellow players. EmergeNYC is based in a fictional open-world recreation of Manhattan with an advanced traffic and pedestrian system.When completed, this open world will contain dozens and dozens of buildings and areas to explore, ranging from stores, residential buildings, parking garages, high-rises with rooftops, subway stations and tunnels and interiors to house a wide variety of emergencies. It will also be beautifully detailed and features a dynamic weather/day & night system. EmergeNYC does not only go into detail and give players many options on the scene of an emergency, but also when not responding to a call and when en route to an emergency. Players will be able to interact with different environments when not occupied. Firefighters will be spread out across 5 unique firehouses with full interiors and 3 Engine Companies, 3 Ladder Companies,  A Squad Company, Rescue Company, and Battalion Chief ready to respond whenever and wherever needed. Police Officers will have a central fictional 14th precinct where players are able to choose and customize police vehicles, equipment, weapons, and their character. EMS workers will have a hospital emergency room to drop off patients, and resupply after a call.						