
							About This Game
							The story of Zipple continues!
The frog warrior this time must save the companions of the village and bring them to the houses scattered in the playing field.
To pass each level you have to transport a certain number of frogs (scattered in the playfield) to the houses of the village. All that by running, jumping and killing enemies.

VERY IMPORTANT:

To move the "frogs-objectives" just double-click on a point to activate the direction "HERE"; then you have to drag these companions (with the label "SAVE ME!") into the houses of the village (label "HOME").
To catch the "magic boxes" just touch it to activate the elastic to the protagonist; then you have to drag these objects (with the label "TAKE") into the houses of the village (label "HOME").
The tents with label "DANGER" are the enemy bases.
There are various types of enemies of various species, and there are movable obstacles and bonuses falling from the sky. You can also kill enemies by jumping on them.


Features:

Enemies
Enemies follow the main character by moving and jumping.
There are four enemy types, with different characteristics and speed.

Obstacles
With advancing levels, obstacles will appear (rocks, etc.) which will hinder the progress of the protagonist.
These obstacles can be moved and placed wherever you want.
Bonuses are obstacles that can kill enemies with a magical aura.
 
Unlimited levels
The game is practically infinite, the number of levels is unlimited and therefore the real challenge is to gain as many points as possible to become a legend.

Multiple game modes
You can select various game options, including the camera, game difficulty levels, the number of enemies and their speed.

Full game statistics
The game saves the complete statistics of the game in progress, including the score, time played, enemies destroyed, blocks filled, jumps, levels completed, levels failed etc.
In this way, statistics lovers will have even more fun playing.
 
Full game rankings
The game will store up to 100 high scores with its partial statistics.

Full procedural generation, exploration and discovery
Each level is procedurally generated! Even the main character, enemies, blocks and everything are placed and constructed randomly. In this way, the game is always unpredictable and dynamics are always unknown.

Fight and strategy
In each level there are the bases from which the enemies will appear. These enemies will follow you to kill you. This way to overcome the levels you’ll also face fierce fighting from enemy waves.

Incremental difficulty
As the levels advance, they become ever larger and increasingly difficult mazes. The number of enemies and the number of blocks present and to save also increases.
In this way, advancement in the game becomes more difficult and challenging to become a legend!						