
							About This Game
							Kill heroes first. Ask questions later. (Note: game does not actually require you to ask any questions)Heroes Must Die is the story of a young hero forcibly conscripted into the villain's army, and viewing classic RPG trials from this perspective. Faced with the daunting task of dealing with the world's evilest boss, stupidest minions, daringest freedom fighters, and troublesome-est posers, how do you survive a world where all sides are in conflict? Battle through hours of challenging combat (even we have to work hard to beat our own game), laugh out loud dialogue (but like, for real, not a 'lol'), and surprising story turns (seriously, a professional playwright wrote this game).Heroes Must Die is an action-RPG with aesthetics inspired by the best roleplaying games of the 16 bit era, with the sophisticated story and design of modern epics. Follow a grand and fun story of trying to break the world and then save it. Combat is easy to learn and difficult to master. And best of all, it's free.And if that wasn't enough, Heroes Must Die has a sequel - an interactive stage show that brings video games to life - now available here on Steam!Features:Unique Combat - An action/puzzle battle system different than anything out there, but still intuitive. Simple rules but difficult to master.Actual Writing - Heroes Must Die brings sincerely funny dialogue and engaging story. Not content for half-assed reference humor, HMD brings its full ass, and borrows a few other asses, to tell a structured tale with memorable characters and moment after moment of making you laugh without interrupting the flow.Pixel Art - Retro-inspired graphics from artists who grew up on the best of the 16-bit era. Detailed backgrounds and sprites full of personality are brought to life with only the most limited of technology!Rockin' Soundtrack - A fantasy/orchestral/prog rock mashup of funky tunes propel you through the game. Available for download!No Inventory - Just focus on the fun stuff.Not Roguelike - Sorry, it's not, but this is a good keyword to haveAlienware FX implemented - check out those lights on your Alienware laptop!Free - Yup.It Also Exists in Real Life - Info coming on how you can see the live-action, audience-interactive play!! That's worth at least two exclamation points. Three? What's the conversion ratio, here?						