
							About This Game
							Runbow, and all its 9-player madness, is now on Steam!With tons of competitive modes for up to 9 players--locally and online--and a massive Single Player Adventure, Runbow is the crazy, colour-based platformer you've been waiting for. The world of Runbow changes with each swipe of the background, so you'll have to stay on your toes as platforms and obstacles disappear--If you can't see something, it doesn't exist. Fast, frantic, and fun for up to 9 players, Runbow is filled with tons of modes and content to keep you running back for more:  Save Poster District from the evil Satura in Adventure, and choose your own path through a massive map of over 140 single player levels.  Take on The Bowhemoth, a single, ultra-difficult challenge in the belly of a colossal beast. On your own or with friends, its sure to test the skills of even the toughest platforming veterans. Go head to head with your friends, locally or online, in Run, Arena, or King of the Hill, for a colourful, crazy competition. Host a Private Game for you or your friends, or hop into an Open Party and take on the world! Tons of costumes and Indie Guest Characters are waiting for you to unlock, including Shovel Knight, CommanderVideo, Shantae, Lilac, and many more. Challenge yourself with 68 Steam Achievements! Be the first on your friends list to unlock them all! Hundreds of pieces of unlockable Gallery content await you, from concept art to characters, and even a few hidden secrets...With 9-player madness locally or online, 5 game modes, 19 guest characters, hundreds of levels, and tons more content all in one unforgettable colourful game, you better get ready to Runbow!Default ControlsAll Controls are fully remappable, but if you want to get running quickly, here's everything you need to know:Player 1Movement: WASDJump: FAttack: GTaunt: HPlayer 2Movement: Up, Down, Left, RightJump: CommaAttack: PeriodTaunt: /Runbow is fully ready to support Xbox One and Playstation 4 controllers. Any similar-style controllers will default to Xbox bindings. But if you can get a controller connected, Runbow will let you remap it in the options menu!						