
							About This Content
							Immerse yourself even deeper into the rich world of Fossil Echo with this additional content. Fossil Echo Special Edition contains the following :Fossil Echo Original Soundtrack by John Robert MatzThis soundtrack features 25 tracks and 2 bonus tracks from the game. With over an hour of music reworked from the in-game tracks, this orchestral soundtrack faithfully captures the soul of Fossil Echo.01 - The Island, the Tower 02 - At the Foot of the Fortress / Racing the Wind03 - Kindling the Fire 04 - Jungle, Temple, Mural 05 - The Boatman 06 - Dawn / Feather Chase / Into the Shadows 07 - The Second Night Falls 08 - The Desert Bazaar 09 - Ascending Through Ice 10 - Warmth in the Cold 11 - The Forest and the Fire 12 - A Struggle and a Stone 13 - Cold Dawn, Stained Glass 14 - The Ladder 15 - Sunset on the Savannah 16 - A Tree to Rest Under, A Trunk to Sleep Against 17 - The Old Man and the Great Owl 18 - Into the Caves 19 - From the Roots to the Boughs 20 - Seeking by Starlight, Finding by Falling 21 - A Temple Above the Clouds 22 - Home 23 - The Door, A Friend, The End 24 - Epilogue 25 - Main Theme 26 - (Bonus) Greenlight Trailer Soundtrack - Remastered27 - (Bonus) Release TrailerThe Making Of Fossil EchoThis 20+ pages PDF file gives you a sneak peek into the development of the game. From concept art to spritesheets, level design and development anecdotes.Other ExtrasAll formats cover art templates (for printing). 8 wallpaper sets, with desktop, phone and tablet variations. 5 profile picture sets, 15 unique variations.Game Description :Fossil Echo is a short and challenging, story driven platformer with hand drawn 2D graphics. Set in a fantastical world, it tells a wordless tale of adventure and mystery.Features Varied and detailed environments Hand animated 2D characters Over 15 minutes of fully animated cutscenes A wordless, mysterious story Breathtaking orchestral score Very dynamic and demanding platforming gameplay Tense stealth mechanics Well hidden secrets and unlockables No HUD or on-screen indications Speedrun-Friendly (in-game timers...)StoryInfluenced by the Oddworld series, Ico, and Shadow of the Collosus, as well as Studio Ghibli films, Fossil Echo tells the story of a young boy and his journey to climb a giant tower in the middle of the sea. How and why he got there are questions that will be answered via playable flashbacks during his ascent. The game offers over 15 minutes of fully animated cutscenes and the story is told without any dialogue or written text.GameplayFossil Echo mixes old-school, "die & retry" platforming gameplay with some stealth elements. As in Abe's Oddysee and Another World, you have little margin for error; precise movement and timing is required to get through and avoid confrontation, as the character is young, weak, and unable to fight or kill, most of the time...ArtFossil Echo features a detailed art style, with pre-rendered/hand painted backgrounds and hand animated 2D characters. Adopting the style of animated film, it presents an array diverse environments, from lush forest to snow covered tower. With no HUD or any indications displayed on screen, the game aims at immersing you from start to finish.SoundThe world of Fossil Echo is brought to life by over two hours of unique, original music by John Robert Matz (Gunpoint, Rodina) and sound design by Gordon McGladdery (Rogue Legacy, Fantastic Contraption). Music and sound work in concert to set the mood and highlight the story and actions during gameplay and cutscenes.Fossil Echo is developed by Phil Crifo (Story, Art & Design), Thierry Boura (Programming), John Robert Matz (Music), and A Shell In The Pit (Sound Design).						