
							About This Game
							 Surprise your friends with a nice deadly trap! You watch with bated breath, eagerly anticipating your friend to take their next step. When they do, they trigger your trap which lays waiting for them. They are flipped up onto an adjacent jump pad, propelling them into a deviously placed sawblade which leads to an untimely demise accompanied by a cloud of pixelated blood. While you laugh at your friend’s misfortune, you notice a strange tingling sensation all over your body. This is the feeling of Trapper's Delight, the emotion you experience when you witness the glory of your opposition falling for your own cunningly elaborate trap.Trapper's Delight is a competitive multiplayer party game where players create a gauntlet of lethal contraptions and secret traps. Once all of the traps are in place, players have to try and navigate the traps in real-time along with the other competitors. Players will need precise timing to navigate their communally created labyrinth of flying shurikens, saw blades and wall mounted spikes. However players can also gain an upper hand by being observant of other player's movements and deduce the location of hidden traps. Creative players will get to enjoy fabricating lethal trap combinations but will then have to be tactful as they try to navigate the traps.To score points in Trapper's Delight, players will need to reach the goal safely. So it's in your interest to create the most devious traps possible to stop the other players making it to the end. Just make sure you can navigate past them too! Feature Overview  Troll your friends in tactical multiplayer trapping action Local Multiplayer for 2-4 players (Requires at least one controller) Online Multiplayer for 2-4 players Have great fun watching friends fall into your cunning traps while simultaneously stumbling through theirs (or your own traps!) Place a variety of secret traps and deadly contraptions, including hidden flippers which can be used launch people into ingenious trap combinations Everyone attempts to complete the level in real time. Watch other player's movements to try and work out where they have placed hidden traps Replays shown between each round Player customisation including lots of hats!						