
							About This Game
							Zombie City Defense 2 is a tactical/strategy defense game.VR is supported but not necessary - you can play it on any PCIn a near future, the world has been devastated by a virus turning humanity into zombies. You are Iron Corps, the last defense of civilization traveling the world to find resources, help people and find answers.Prepare your army before infiltrating a new area - choose carefully your set of infantry units, vehicles and special abilities. Deploy your units on the field, improve your base, invest abandoned building and fortify them to place your snipers, harvest old hospitals or call a bombing raid to destroy a bridge or even the whole block!    15 completely different infantry squads (engineer, scout, soldier, grenadier, flamethrower…)    17 Vehicles and Turrets (from armored bulldozers to flame tanks and artillery)    9 General abilities (airstrike, ion cannon, groundbreaker, nukes..)    7 buildings improvements (from barricades and medbays to command terminals)    12 perks to customize your faction. You can play as pyromaniacs!You should customize your faction wisely, as zone's weather, terrain relief and even amount of buildings around will greatly influence your strategy.Research new units and abilities between missions with the tactical points you earned depending the success of your missions.All buildings and structures can be destroyed. Destroy bridges to slow down enemies using dynamite, artillery or even bombers, factories with enemy's cocoons inside to stop them from spawning, fuel tanks to blow up everything around - it's for you to decide.    16 missions in the campaign (from huge cities to canyons and mountains)    9 different zombies (common, armored, invader, splitter, spawner…)    Three difficulty levels + infinity mode    Day & Night cycle (zombies are stronger at night)    Weather changes (snow, rain, fog, heat, hurricane) and you should adapt your tactics    Land areas (Swamp, forest, cold, biohazard, Radiation)    Dozens of different building to invest and adapt to your needs.     Take advantage of the city (Huge Skyscrapers: give huge range bonus, especially to snipers. Living buildings: good for barricading in. Industrial buildings: may have material to scavenge and many more. Bridge: can be destroyed to force enemy to take another path...).Fully supports Oculus Rift and dual-pad contollers for maximum immersion.						