
							About This Game
							Find love, in a world where cats run the U.S. government!You're just an ordinary teen girl looking for work after your college dreams didn't quite pan out. But when you get lost backstage during a national debate, you find so much more: a bunch of talking cats who are running for President. And that's not even the weird part—they all want to hire YOU as a campaign manager!Can you handle the world of Presidential politics? Do you even know what a campaign manager does? Will you find love with your candidate in order to form...a more purrfect union?With a script that's over 350 pages long, Cat President is a visual novel packed full of romance, humor and cute pictures of cats. Cast your vote today!Frequently Asked Questions:Q: Why are cats running for President?A: Twenty years ago, America's political system became so corrupt that it almost destroyed the entire country. In order to prevent the nation's collapse, the Supreme Court was forced to ban all humans from politics. Cats were the natural replacement.Q: Is it true that cats simplified the political process?A: Yes! Instead of having a long, drawn-out nomination system, they only have primaries in three states: Meowa, New Clawshire, and South Catolina. In addition, the Democat and the Repawblican political parties have been eliminated and replaced by the Fancy Furballs and the Sharpclaws.Q: What gorgeous cats can the main character fall in love with?A: There are six main storylines in this game, one for each candidate.    Kale is a great candidate, but he has a hard time standing out from the others. You need to help him get out of last place! Or will your rival Bernice beat you to the punch?    Dr. Nom-Noms is the nicest candidate, even if he doesn't have any political experience. You'll have to be careful if you go with Dr. Nom-Noms, because your impulsive best friend has a huge crush on him!    The meanest politician in the group is Thunderpaw, who has clawed his way to the top by insulting all of his opponents. Can you tame this wild cat, or will he treat you like his own personal litter box?    You'll have to watch yourself around Frisky! He's a huge flirt, and he's not afraid to rub himself up against your legs whenever he feels like it!    DJ Nibbles is an enthusiastic kitten, who has the bad habit of running into dangerous situations. You need to figure out how to get him to focus on the campaign!    There's something different about Rover, but it's hard to say exactly what. Maybe it's the way he barks at mailmen or chases his tail? You hardly ever see the other cats doing that...						