
							About This Game
							A usurper sits on Satan’s throne, and the cold feud between Hell’s two most ancient families has escalated to all-out civil war. This war, that has ravaged Hell for over two centuries, spread to Earth some time ago. Johnny, the son of the old Satan, yet paradoxically, a freelance agent for the good guys, is sent to stop the diabolical plans of the new party in power coming true. Johnny fights his way through the front lines of both sides to reach the grave of the original Satan, who is entombed there, but not quite dead...Johnny Graves—The Unchosen One is an action shooter set in an urban fantasy environment. It is a single player game for Windows PC, developed using Unity 3D. The Early Access version offers up to 2,5 hour of gun magic mayhem (although a seasoned player might get through it faster)!Incredibly fast-paced and intense gameplay! Shooting your way out of impossible situations requires accuracy and nerves of steel.Gun magic mayhem! Use the 6 different magic bullet options to destroy hordes of monsters.Urban fantasy environment! Fantasy meets reality, as you battle mythical creatures on the streets of New York.Rage-inducing monsters! Freaky necromancers, fire-spitting spiders, agile imps and more!Early Access Features6/8 levels All six magic bullets & infinite normal bullets Blink 2/3 boss fights All 9 enemy monsters Playtime estimate 2,5 hours 80% of the finished game 3/3 languages (English, German and Russian)Please note, since game will be released periodically, some features will not be available yet. They are unlocked at a later stage. Please bear in mind that even though we're getting close to full launch, there's still a lot of polishing to be done. The Early Access version is not as satisfying as the finished game will be, in terms of visual effects and playability. We hope that in your darkest, most frustrating hour of buggy gameplay, you remember that you did not purchase a defective game; you invested in our finished product, and in time, that you shall have. Below is a list of bugs we are aware of and working on. If you come across any bugs that are not on our list, please let us know!List of known bugsGun seems full but needs reloadingHounds don't make sounds (still, they are not meat cows)Music doesn't stop when exiting to main menuThere's one place where you can jump out of the game area (we're not telling you where)						