
							About This Game
							Swing from anything in VR!SwingStar VR allows players to swing around a virtual reality world using a giant sticky hand attached to their head. The game is a third-person swinging physics puzzler that puts players through a wild ride, accelerating the player as they swing. It's wacky and super fun. A disaster has mutated physics, you must save your home multiverse by ringing the mysterious bell. A magic helmet allows the player to swing through all of the affected dimensions, and set things right by ringing all the resonator bells. A colossus robot stand between you and the final bell. Explore a colorful cartoon world by swinging through enchanted deserts, bright forests, steep canyons, and many more bizarre and beautiful worlds!SwingStar’s deceptively simple controls use only a button and your line of site to soar, flip, swing, fly, and explore in ways you have never experienced in any other video game.Find out what lies beyond the bell Explore all 30 levels Epic Boss Battle  Unlock mysterious doors that unlock secret levels Wacky power up items change the gameplay. Turbo Yo-yos swing you around, Air Cannons blast you high in the air, and The Grappling Jelly will suck you to it's gooey surface.  Innovative gameplay let's you swing on any object in the world by looking at it, or by pointing you touch controler at it. Brilliantly dreamy soundtrack by electronic musician Marchthirtyseventh Master each level to receive a perfect 3 Star rank! Get all 84 stars to unlock the mysterious inter-dimensional zone!VR SETUP & CONTROLSSwingStar VR has two control schemes which are both at fun to play. 1.) MOTION CONTROLLERS: Designed for the HTC Vive. Point your motion controller at any object in the world, then hold the trigger and gravity will swing you away. 2.) GAMEPAD/KEYBOARD: You can also play with just your VR headset. Look at the object you wish to swing on and hold down the grab hand button ( keyboard: space bar  |  Xbox/USB controller: A button or LEFT trigger ), and gravity will swing you away.TECHNICALThis Steam version of SwingStar VR is designed for the Vive.						