
							About This Content
							(Timed Item Package) Each Item will be given for 5 days with the ability to restock again in the in Game Shop.In order to redeem this Package you will take your DLC code and go into the Shop. Hit the "Recharge BlackShot Cash" button and then you can redeem the code in the pop up window that appears.For those that love camouflage and stealth action. The Green package is the perfect option for you. Based on military standards, this package is recommended for the tactical mercenaries that want to make an impact without being seen.•	HK416 ForestThis customized version brings on a new and optimized spin into a well rounded beast. Perfect for forest or mountain combat this version of the HK416 was created to beat all others, created as collaboration between USA and Germany this weapon was heavily used in many recent historical combats. EG: Afghanistan, Iraq Syria. •	MSR WoodlandThis is the Camouflaged version of the MSR Sniper rifle, ideal for forest combat.This Weapon is used by the biggest army in the world(USA). The MSR Woodland has definitely earned some respect in the mercenary industry.Created to assist not only the American Army but also the US SOCOM this weapon will not fail you.•	MedKit PremiumRecovering your HP(Health) little by little during 40 seconds. This miracle worker item will save you every time that you find yourself in trouble.Essential for newcomers and veterans, this could be the difference between life and death in the battlefield.•	Tactics Package IHelping you aim while setting an ambush, this package unlocks 3 unique tactics that when equipped will give you a steady shot even when you are under the pressure of enemy fire. Also reducing the recoil of your rifle and pistol. *Tactics included:[Sub-zero Blood] - strengthens your focus resulting in less tremble when being shot by another player. [Advance Dominator] -  Improves marksmanship by reducing the recoil of your assault rifle[Advance Scout] - Improves marksmanship by reducing the recoil of your handgun•	50,000 BPAn international and untraceable currency, BlackShot Points or BP is the most frequently used payment method between all mercenaries.Earn those when successfully completing your missions.						