
							About This Game
							***** Push For Emor as been made for both Monitor and Virtual Reality *****Push For Emor is an open world(s) SciFi FPS RPG with light RTS building elements thrown in for good measure.Fight your way across 11 planets, engage in space combat, disable enemy craft and board enemy wrecks and explore abandoned space stations. Defeat evil planet governors as you push towards planet Emor.5 Solar Systems.11 planets of varying tech levels (low, steampunk & cyberpunk). Mission driven game-play (on planet and in space).Planet & Space combat.Disable enemy ships in space and board them.Explore & fight through abandoned space stations.Move between solar systems and planets via space warp gates.Create mining facilities on resource gathering planets and defend them.Fly/Drive a great selection of vehicles (if you can see it in game, you can get in it).Works on both a Monitor and Virtual Reality Headsets.Works with Oculus DK2.Will support Oculus CV1 and Steam Vive  (awaiting hardware).I'm happy to report that all hard parts and heavy lifting in regards to the game development of Push For Emor have been completed.  Dialogue system, mission system, inventory system, resource gathering system, Ai, solar system environments and planet environments are all in!  Virtual Reality support is in, along with a full compliment of VR friendly menus. What is left to do is the really fun stuff (to be honest, its all been fun), such as creating new npc characters, weapon models and fun missions for the player to interact with.  The finish line is in sight and I am working hard to reach it, sooner rather than later.When the Emorian Empire starts to expand it's territories into Justicar federal space, Colonel Ferris Glutes sends you in under cover to join a resistance group allied with Justicar. Your mission, that you have no choice but to accept (because it's your job and it would be a very short game if you didn't) is to clear the way for Justicar forces.One solar system at a timeThere are eleven planets of varying tech levels in the Emorian Empire, spread across five solar systems. You must find your resistance contact, win over the local populace and rout any Emorian troops.Space is full of nasty peopleTraveling between solar systems and planets is done via Space Warp Jump Gates. Getting access to a jump gate can sometimes be tricky. You are not the only pilot out there. Space is full of people who are having a bad day. They want to make your day bad too, by killing you and taking your stuff. Luckily you have the skills and the smarts to fight back. Not every enemy/pirate ship you take out will be completely destroyed. Board a disabled enemy craft and explore the drifting hulk for items and upgrades, but visit your arms locker before you go...  Your home space stationWell technically it's not yours - it belongs to the Justicar Federal Army. But it's where you can upgrade your weapons and your space craft, assemble away teams, kick back and watch a movie or listen to some of your favorite music. (Cue Queens' Greatest Hits tape).Resource / Terraform planetsAn Army need resources. Luckily for you and the Colonel, each solar system has a barren planet that is just perfect for mining raw materials. Build mining facilities, power plants and space ports to help keep the Justicar war machine moving. But be warned! You will be attacked by both the planets hostile indigenous population and from Emorian forces, so best build a barracks and some guard towers. Move-able turrets are always a good idea.Explorable planets / Governors baneEach of the three main solar systems has a planet that not only needs to be liberated, but also holds an important weapon which you will need to defeat the solar systems Governor. Woo the population, kill their oppressors, gain access to the artifact / weapon. Simple... Right?The Governing PlanetEach solar system has a governing planet that is controlled by a member of Emorian senate. These Emorian Governors must be stripped of their planetary forces, their dignity and finally their life. Removing (killing violently usually) a Governor will liberate the solar system and bring it under the protective wing of the Justicar (who are clearly much nicer people).						