
							About This Content
							Challenge yourself with new strategies and unique setups with the new "Outlaw Sectors" gameplay option and brand new maps for Sins of a Solar Empire: Rebellion. The variety of map sizes and designs will let you enjoy any kind of match you want, from intimate 1v1 duels all the way to epic 10-player brawls.Features:  "Outlaw Sectors" Gameplay Option: The lawless fringe is increasingly hostile, but for those with a criminal mind it's also rich with new opportunities. Smuggling Specialization: Choose this planetary development to grab a cut of everyone's trade income - but at a cost. The increased corruption from this black market activity will reduce that planet's tax income. Rampant Militias: Autonomous planetary militias will grow, raid nearby systems, and repopulate over time. Use them to help defend your worlds, or coordinate your attacks with their strikes for maximum impact. Pirate Turf: Vicious when in their home sector, pirates can now raid multiple players simultaneously, drastically changing the art of the bidding war. And, just to make sure they are fully motivated to do what they do best, all credits spent on bounties will receive an automatic bonus. New Maps Power Struggle - Contest the distant resource fields and nearby planets before striking at the enemy’s homeworld. Slim Pickings - Claim what remains among the war-torn stars and seize what you can from the other empires.  Crossfire - Take your enemy’s homeworlds and coordinate your assault with your ally in order to win. High Stakes - Build a powerful fleet and seize the resource rich planets from enemy militia. Ironheart - Flanked by an enemy on each side, you must prioritize your resources carefully to achieve victory. Titans of Cimtar - Secure your planet from among the 8 gas giants dominating the map, then make war upon your neighbors. Death Spiral - The system is falling into a black hole and your enemies aren’t about to let you leave without a fight. Dogfight - Lead your allies into glorious battle amongst the stars in this huge map. Buzzsaw - Make one mistake and you may lose more than you bargained for in this spiral galaxy that leaves no room for error. Rising Empires - Secure your star system amidst the crushed local resistance and set your sights on your rivals’ territories. Desolation - Claim what little the Vasari have left behind and forge what remains of the worlds in the massive cluster of stars into a force capable of conquest.						