
							About This Content
							The Great Northwest Trail GuideSavage Worlds Deadlands Supplement for Fantasy Grounds IIIn this, the darkest days of winter, the Great Northwest has its own sort of beauty. The quiet stillness of the thick-blanketing snow. The peace of a light wind breezing through the trees. The lonesome howl of nature's animals.But that lonesome howl is answered by so many more, and they're laced with hunger. Other, challenging cries are heard, angrily closing in on each other. On you. Struggling through the life-sapping cold of the high snows, fighting the bitter wind freezing your face, daring the unfathomable darkness, what sort of hope do you have of surviving the centuries old struggles hidden in the pine forests of the Great Northwest and slowly creeping into the towns that man has foolishly established deep in the province of Famine? What hope at all?With a copy of the brand-new Deadlands Trail Guide: The Great Northwest, you'll at least know the lay of the land. You may even have a chance at surviving the bitter winter. But beware—should certain portions of such a tome fall into the wrong hands, your Marshal may learn of horrible secrets and goings-on, and that knowledge might not be so good for you, pardner...Trail Guide: The Great Northwest, by Matt Cutter, is a supplement for the award-winning Deadlands: Reloaded RPG. It offers you a closer look at the people, places, and—most importantly—things in Montana, Oregon, Washington, and Idaho, and the ongoing Winter War, a secret struggle man has known nothing of, and may learn about far too late. It contains a Tombstone Epitaph special edition, details on the premiere towns of the Northwest, a mini-Plot Point Campaign, and more Savage Tales than you could shake a stick at if your hand hadn't just frozen off. For your own safety, get your copy today.Requires: A Fantasy Grounds subscription, full or ultimate license and the Savage Worlds v3 Ruleset and the Deadlands Setting for Fantasy GroundsFantasy Grounds Conversion: Michael Grancey						