
							About This Game
							Your goal is to conquer each realm by defeating the inhabited creatures, including the guardian of the realm. To do this, you must complete the campaign missions, defeating the waves of creatures by casting elemental spells and destroying them.You begin with a simple ice spell, and as you defeat more and more creatures, your mastery over the elements increases, allowing you to unlock more powerful spells. Each element has a recovery time, and the more powerful a spell, the more focus is requires. You'll need to balance which element, and how powerful a spell to cast, to maximize your potential, against multiple targets.There are many creatures to engage with different behaviors, strengths and weaknesses. Some are resistant to certain elements, and some have specific reactions that will require strategy to defeat. They all have one thing in common - they're out to destroy you, and once they reach you, your shield won't protect you for long.Each realm is progressively more difficult, and you'll need to grow in power to dominate its inhabitants. As your mastery increases and you learn more effective spells, you'll also be able to amplify each spell by acquiring upgrades such as critical strike, knock back, stun, ...There is one additional source of magic - the Crystal Chamber. Here, you'll acquire the ability to release the essence of a crystal into an incredible surge of power. For a short period of time, you'll have virtually unlimited focus, project a mirror image, or release a shock wave that will knock back all attacking enemies.Crystals are an incredible source of power, and are very valuable. For defeating realm guardians, your reward is paid in crystals instead of etherium. You'll need them for the crystal spells during difficult missions, and they're used to purchase the highest level of upgrades, so use them wisely. There's no shortage of guardians, and at least one can be found every day. You can also earn crystals through your achievements, which are tracked in the Conquest room.Your journey mastering the elements and conquering the realms, eventually to face the legendary guardian of the Obsidian Lair is about to begin.Are you prepared?						