
							About This Game
							MyWorld - Where action RPG begins!MyWorld is an action RPG adventure creator with built-in worlds; ready to be conquered and kick-start your imagination. Solid multi-player means you can battle alongside or against friends and foes with PvP and Co-Op modes. Invite players into adventures you've created, explore friends worlds and share on the steam workshop.PlayBattle your way through enemies and quests in our pre-made adventures, such as 'The Blight' and 'Mushroom Realm'. Combat is rewarding, learn enemy timings and use 4 special abilities to smash apart your foes. Most world objects are breakable! These worlds amongst others are showcases for what can be crafted in MyWorld. We can't wait to play yours! CreateWith a powerful yet easy to use editor, you can create worlds in exactly the way you want to play. It boasts over 200 items including undead skeletons, cursed knights, haunted crypts, towering bosses, homely taverns, friendly NPCS and even a chicken! With the click of a button you can change your world from a foggy blighted land to an enchanted mushroom kingdom, using our 9 world themes. This library is constantly growing, giving you real freedom and creativity for your action RPG adventures. No coding required - you can easily drop in enemies, buildings, bosses, and link your worlds to form huge realms. Tell stories, set questsAdd depth into your worlds by easily dropping in NPC's from the editor. Create unique quest chains with kill and collect objectives, harder the quests the more XP you or visitors to your world will get! Tell stories with 'Dialog' only options.Hub WorldControl everything through your hub world. Create, host, join, watch tutorials on 'MyWorld Tv', change your hero character and more, simply by running over buttons or through portals.Community & Steam WorkshopRun through the Steam Workshop portal in your HubWorld to access worlds created by users. Download and access them in your world list. Join worlds or host your own via the hub world multiplayer portals, and get to know new players with in game chat. 						