
							About This Content
							BrashMonkey is pleased to present the Delta Missions Environment Art Pack.

This art pack comes fully loaded with a large assortment of highly detailed and dangerously flexible images and tile-sets,   ready to merge, layer, blend, and tile together as you see fit to create the lush and beautiful yet imposing environments for your next side-scrolling action game.

Spanning 4 unique environment themes, each offering a large array of image components for creating foreground, mid-ground, and distant layers of depth in 3 pre-made color or lighting variations, when used in art programs like Photoshop or the fantastic and free Krita from Krita.org, the customizing possibilities are virtually endless.

In addition to individual image components, each environment set offers a high resolution tile-set in three common perspective variations for the core of the foreground layer, which can be scaled down to fit the needs of your specific game project's tile size requirements.

BrashMonkey's Environment Art Packs are unique, because they include several Spriter animated props per environment!

You can either used these Spriter files in conjunction with one of the many Spriter run-time API's to have silky-smooth tweened animations playing back in you game, or you can export the animated props as full frame images or sprite-sheets at any scale and frame-rate you desire.

Make your video game worlds come to life, with BrashMonkey's Delta Missions Environment Art Pack!

The Art pack comes with the following:

Outdoor grassy environment:

31 object images (moon, clouds, trees etc.)
2 Spriter animated objects (crate and electronic switch box) in 2 different perspectives.
3 Foreground tile-sets ( one for each of the three common side-scrolling platformer perspective types), with an average of over 54 tiles.
All X 3 different time of day based color schemes

Indoor bunker environment:

34 object images (security cameras, gun racks, column segments etc.)
4 Spriter animated objects (crate, electronic switch box, and computer panels) in 2 different perspectives.
3 Foreground tile-sets ( one for each of the three common side-scrolling platformer perspective types), with an average of over 48 tiles.
All X 3 different color schemes

Indoor cave environment:

34 object images (security cameras, gun racks, column segments etc.)
7 Spriter animated objects (waterfalls, crate, electronic switch box, and computer panels) in 2 different perspectives.
3 Foreground tile-sets ( one for each of the three common side-scrolling platformer perspective types), with an average of over 60 tiles.
All X 3 different color schemes

Outdoor mountain environment:

25 object images (clouds, trees, mountain segments etc.)
1 Spriter animated objects (crate) in 2 different perspectives.
3 Foreground tile-sets ( one for each of the three common side-scrolling platformer perspective types), with an average of over 90 tiles.
All X 3 different color schemes

A Spriter animated land-mine with disarmed, armed and exploding animation in 2 perspectives.
A collection of Spriter animated pick-up items like health, ammo, grenade etc in 2 perspectives.						