
							About This Game
							The Internet's tubes have been broken! Only you and your handpicked team can seal the tubes and save the Internet! VR Disc Golf is an online multi-player disc golf game where you can throw, chuck, and fly your way to victory through two virtual outrun environments. Includes over 40 great audio tracks. Single-player and local multi-player are also available. Play disc golf in virtual reality!Online Multi-PlayerPlay online with up to three other players.  Test your disc golf skills against real life opponents from all over the world.  Use voice chat and talk with players as you play through the 2, complete 18 hole courses.  Invite your friends to join your game.True Disc PhysicsVR Disc Golf is the first disc golf game for the Vive to have real disc physics! Complete physics simulations underlay all disc interactions, creating fun and unique game-play. Your disc realistically soars and bounces past each challenge. You can throw backhand, forehand (side arm), overhand (hammer throw) and just about everything else.Sports CameraEver wanted to follow behind your disc after a particularly epic drive? Now you can! VR Disc Golf uses a cutting edge sports camera system to put you right in the action. Revolutionary camera controls leverage your body's natural tendency to move. You'll love seeing every bounce and wobble of your disc as you soar over the course, just like you've always wished you could! You can even switch your disc mid-flight for advanced game-play to influence the outcome like you've always wanted!Single-PlayerVR Disc Golf includes 2 outrun themed 18-hole courses. Intense game-play awaits as you explore each hand crafted hole's particular challenge. Your throwing arm will be put to the maximum test by black holes, lakes of burning lava, spinning obstacles, and other denizens of the deep Internet. True disc physics provides limitless replay value.Steam AchievementsIncludes 79 very challenging Steam Achievements, you’ll be testing your precision and skill to the limits!Local Multi-PlayerWhat could be better than playing VR Disc Golf by yourself? Playing with friends and family of course! Party Mode (only one virtual reality headset required) allows you to play competitive rounds of disc golf with up to four local players. The game accommodates HMD sharing by keeping track of whose turn it is, and reminding you to switch players when the time is right.MusicWith over 40 great music tracks you'll keep hearing new beats.  Music created by Deceased Superior Technician.WARNING: VR Disc Golf uses a sports camera that rotates your view around the disc based on the direction you are facing. Take your time getting used to the sports camera and it will provide a naturally immersive locomotion experience. If you feel any motion sickness you can turn off the sports camera from in-game options.						