
							About This Game
							Haven Moon will transport you to a mysterious world where you have to explore abandoned islands and solve their secrets to find a treasure. In this Myst-like game inspired by Jules Verne’s universe, use your senses and intelligence to find your way through secret passages and curious machinery.THE STORYYou are teleported to Seleos, the moon of the planet Menra. In front of you, a metal box opens, and inside, you find a note from Ektor Turren, the only survivor of a cataclysmic event that destroyed his world. In his note, he explains that he wishes to leave you the treasure that he accumulated during his whole life.From that, you'll have to explore the islands on Seleos to discover who was Ektor Turren, what happened to him and to his world, where to find the treasure and how to go back home with it.GAMEPLAYThe gameplay is based on exploration, observation, listening and problem solving. With the story’s help, you’ll have to solve puzzles that are integrated in the environment in order to reach the end of this adventure.You can take all the time you want to explore and solve the puzzles. No one will come bother you here. The puzzles are neither too hard nor too easy, just like the length of the adventure is neither too long nor too short. Everything has been balanced to provide a relaxing experience and pleasant time spent in an imaginary world. FEATURESIntuitive puzzlesThe puzzles that you will encounter in Haven Moon are completely integrated into the environment and in perfect harmony with the story. They have been designed with great care to give a natural and intuitive user experience.Very simple and intuitive interfaceThe game has been made to be accessible to all kinds of players. The interface and controls have been carefully designed to be as simple and intuitive as possible, featuring a mouse-only gameplay: the entire game uses mouse navigation. Move it to look around, left-click to move forward and interact, and right-click to move backwards. That's it!(For those who prefer WASD style controls, it's still possible to configure keyboard controls from the input menu although this is contrary to the game design).High quality graphicsHaven Moon features high quality 3D real-time graphics, offering complete freedom of movement in a detailed and realistic environment.(A "light" option can be used to play the game smoothly on computers running on minimum system requirements).High quality original soundtrackTo bring a fascinating mood and beautiful emotions to the game, Hollywood composer Leo J. Russlan exclusively composed a wonderful orchestral cinematic music for Haven Moon, making the experience even more captivating.A game for everyoneHaven Moon is a tranquil game dedicated to contemplation and reflective thinking. It's a calm and solitary place where you hear the sounds of the sea, the wind and the beautiful music. You have all the time you want to explore and solve the various puzzles.20 YEARS IN THE MAKINGIt took me more than 20 years to create this game. From the first time I played Myst sometime between 1994 -1995, when I was a teenager, recreating the same experience has become an obsession. During all these years, I have tried many times to build my own Myst-like game, but it's only 3 years ago that everything coincided to make Haven Moon possible.This project represents not only 3 years of real hard work, but also a huge part of my life. The journey leading to the release of this game was incredible.I absolutely loved working on Haven Moon and I was very lucky it turned out exactly the way I had imagined it. So now I really hope that you will have as much pleasure playing it as I had creating it.François Roussel						