
							About This Game
							Asteroid Fight is an online multiplayer action real-time strategy game. Use your commander with uniquely modified special abilities, build a strong economy to be able to quickly grow a strong military so you can stand a chance against your enemies and destroy their warp gate. Good team play, fast thinking, and rapid reactions will make the key difference in this fast paced strategy game. Online Multiplayer: Play with your friends in a team and defeat others Special Abilities & Items: Earn XP for every played round and receive new unique items Commander Factory: Assemble your own unique commander Leveling: Fast leveling through a game Economy: Build bases on asteroids and support your team with a variety of specialized unitsPlay in online matches with your friends in a team against others. Different play modes like e.g. 1on1, 3on3, capture the flag, last man standing, etc... are planned.You gain XP for every round of Asteroid Fight you play. When you reach a certain amount of XP you are rewarded with a new item. Every item has its own values and modifiers - so even if you get the same item twice, it means it will have a different effect on your commander and furthermore, the item per se will be different!Mounted items will grant you special abilities. For example, the warp drive will allow you to warp quickly to another location.All items vary in their own attributes (e.g. reload time, strength, range, ...) and also modify the attributes of other items through the four modifiers: attack, control, utility, and support. Furthermore, with the before mentioned modifiers the hull values are altered. So if you mounted items with good support values, for example, it means your hull's maximum health is increased and if you also mount the repair droid, it'll be able to restore more health.With an increasing amount of items you obtained through playing the game, your possibilities will steadily increase and become a great way to outsmart your enemies by combining the right items.Assemble your commander with the unique items you earned from previous battles. However, you can't mount all of your items on your commander's hull, so choose wisely!There's also a different kind of XP: During a round of Asteroid Fight your team as a whole will earn XP for every kind of activity you do - be it fighting, healing, base building, ... When your team reaches a certain amount of this XP it will LEVEL UP as a whole, enabling everyone to choose an upgrade for one of its mounted items.So, if you decided to mount 3 attack items and 1 defense item, but during the battle there emerges the need for more defense, you can still specialize more on your defense by upgrading this particular item!Colonize asteroids and build up a strong economy that will support you and your team members with various specialized units. Use freighters to transfer minerals from asteroids with lots of minerals to those, where you can build a giant system of factories.The combination of a working economy and the proper utilization of your commander's unique skills is of great importance if you want to succeed in this game!The ultimate goal of every round is to destroy the enemy's warp gate - and to defend yours ;-)To get through to the warp gate, one must first pass the defense turrets and destroy the doors that prevent enemies the entrance to the warp gate's base.You will be able to build your own custom maps for Asteroid Fight with an easy to use map editor.Fill up missing places of your team members with bots. Give them basic instructions, so they can fit your team better. Most of the core features are already implemented and what you see in the trailer is actual in-game online multiplayer footage!We will now focus on implementing more and more items, polishing, testing and bug fixing the game, so we can make Asteroid Fight an exceptional, fun and engaging experience for you.						