
							About This Content
							Eager to land some big fat cats? Whatever your experience level - the Catfish Combat pack is the all-you-need set of best Catfish tackle available! But this DLC has more than just fishing goodies - it includes Pond Passes to America’s top Catfish destinations! Don’t wait another day to take the trip of your dreams and go on a fishing adventure to Catfish paradise regardless of current experience level!

Catfish Combat Pack has everything a float angler needs. Featuring one of the best Telescopic and Match rod n’ reels combos and other tackle goodies that will let you enjoy and explore advanced float fishing at its best! The Catfish Combat Pack will suffice to get you off catching vivacious Crappie and mighty Catfish in no time - just make sure to experiment with match tackle and different baits. Why wait before growing to a certain level, if you can use some of Fishing Planet’s best Catfish tackle right now?

Keep in mind that even superb tackle alone won’t get the job done. Only your skills and knowledge will land some real Trophy monsters!

Catfish Combat Pack includes:

RODS ‘N REELS awesome Telescopic and Match combos. 
Rods:
Brutus 330 SE
Troy 700 SE
Reels:
EspiraDoublePunch 5500 SE
EspiraML 3000 SE

TERMINAL TACKLE - a selection of float tackle that you’ll need if you want to enjoy your Catfish hunt to the fullest!
Floats: Pear Shaped Float (X2)
Hooks: Hook #1/0, Hook #2/0, Hook #3/0, Hook #4/0, Hook #5/0, Hook #6/0
Lines: Mono 0.18 mm; Mono 0.2 mm; Mono 0.25 mm; Flur 0.2 mm
Baits: Leeches, Pet Food, Small Cutbait, Medium Cutbait, Large Cutbait, Large Minnows, Crawfish, Blood, Frogs

EQUIPMENT – Tackle storage and other angling equipment. 
Grizzly Vest Waist Coat
Four&One Rod Case
FishCabin M Plus fishkeeper

Additional Bonus

40.000 CREDITS use the Credits to purchase new tackle, pay for fishing trips, repairs and any other in-game expenses.
20 BAITCOINS - use to purchase certain fishing tackle, available only for BaitCoins. Spend your BaitCoins wisely!
30-DAY PREMIUM Enjoy thirty days of Premium Status and advance your game progress by getting a 50% boost to Experience and Credits earned for every fish you catch! You also get to register in Competitions for free!

POND PASSES - 30 days of unlimited access to some of the best fishing destinations!
Neherrin River (North Carolina)
Quanchkin Lake (Louisiana)

FISHING LICENSES (30 days):
Advanced North Carolina License
Advanced Louisiana License						