
							About This Game
							Game Still In DevelopmentM.EXE is a real-time, multiplayer, monster battle game. As a trainer, give your monster commands in battle to come out on top. Victory or defeat will depend completely on your skill as a monster trainer. Explore the different moves and monster types, plan out your strategies, and become the best monster trainer that there ever was!StoryA mysterious program appears online, with the executable file being m.exe. The program gave every user a monster partner. The monsters all have their unique personalities, but they all have one thing in common. They crave to battle. And to do so efficiently they require a human trainer. m.exe quickly became popular as a competitive game, with many trainers all over the world battling to become the best. There is a mystery as to who created m.exe and where it came from, as well as an unknown threat.When I work on a single-player/coop adventure mode for this game, I plan on basing it around this mystery.Key Features: Strategic monster battles in real-time!Battles in M.EXE are not turn-based and feel strategic. There is no RNG here. Customize your monster2 monsters of the same species can be completely different from one another. Choose which moves your monster goes into battle with and which stats to spend your stat points on. The hue of your monster can also be changed slightly. More customization still to come. MultiplayerCreate and join games and battle other Trainers online. Or play with a friend on the same computer(currently requires 2 gamepads).Coming Soon: 2v2 Tag ModeJoin up with a buddy and take on AI or another group of players in 2v2 tag mode. Or fight 1v2 if you're feeling brave. Spectate AI battlesMake some popcorn and watch them fight. Customize your Trainer Many more monsters, types, and moves!M.EXE is still in early development and purchasing this product will help with the development costs to keep progress moving quickly. There will be bugs but we will search and destroy.						