
							About This Game
							Shards of Azuria is an isometric, craft and build RPG. Create a character and a new world, then start your adventure by waking up in town. You are greeted by the locals of Azuria and begin to find your way around.The inhabitants of Azuria will assist you on your journey, helping you obtain many Abilities or to satisfy your creative endeavour. Wander into the unknown, build a home and become strong enough to face the lurking evil.Gameplay FeaturesInventory System with over 150+ items
Crafting System with over 90+ recipes
Build a home by placing down blocks, furniture or other objects
Add colour to your surroundings with the Paint Blaster
Core RPG mechancis, level up, get stronger and obtain new equipment
15+ Abilities to obtain out of 3 different class types
Diaglogue / Quest system with 6 core NPCs and 20+ quests
Day Cycle system
Explore large generated Woodland, Cave and Dungeon areas
Custom designed Town and Boss areas
Fight a variety of creatures
Vanquish a Final Boss
Loot, Craft & Get StrongerAquire items from fallen enemies or stumble across rare crystals. Use what you find to craft a variety of items, including weapons, armour, decoration or abilities. Pick and mix between what you equip or use from 3 different class types.AbilitiesMost Abilities are aquired through crafting with the support of the 3 class trainers that live in Azuria. The trainers will guide you the process of becoming adept with Mysticism, Cunning or Might. Choose to play with any of the 15+ Abilities of those types.CreateDig, destroy walls or build your own home. Shape the area to your desire. Then add colour into the mix with the Paint Blaster!Future PlansWe feel that Shards of Azuria is a game with the option of extended content in most areas. It is very much a template to allow for further development and on going improvement. But the scope of further development will also depend on the overall reception and interest in the game. Below is a list of potential features that may be developed over time.MultiplayerMore general content such as items, abilities, new areas, creatures, unique bosses…Improved ways to create and build						