
							About This Game
							Fourtex Jugo (from the Japanese for "15") is an abstract strategy game with a high degree of difficulty, played on a grid of tiles. Your goal is to optimize each initial layout to beat the target score, and to compete on the leaderboards, or against your personal best score. Progress through each level involves combining three types of particles with each other to ultimately create void. By manipulating the void optimally, you can achieve your goal of meeting or exceeding the target score specified for each particular level, indicating your mastery of that level. For extra challenge, attempt to reach the target score without any particle interaction with the void. You'll need to create your particles and voids at the right times and in the right places to reach your goal.Demo VersionPlay Jugo for free. The free demo includes the first 3 levels and all the tutorials.  There are no time limits, replay the included levels as often as you like. https://saltydogdigital.itch.io/jugoKey Features
    Steam features:Steam Cloud supportBig Picture mode: the UI is designed to be easy to see and operateLeaderboards (with game playback), Achievements, Trading cards, and Stats    Full controller support, or play with keyboard or mouse:You can switch input devices automatically, without needing to access a menu.    Levels handcrafted by humans:Every campaign level is guaranteed playable to 3 stars.      Daily levels:These levels refresh their initial layouts every 24 hours. They are designed to challenge experienced players, and will play to 3 stars frequently, but not always.     Play strategically or casually at your desired level of difficulty:Aim for 2 or 3 stars for difficulty ranging all the way up to extremely challenging.Play for 1 star for a casual game or while learning the basics.     Levels are not locked: If you can't master a level yet or it doesn't appeal to you, you can try another one.    Original artwork and context-sensitive original audio:Audio track is enhanced when voids appear to add dramatic effect.Game playThere are three tiers of playing pieces (14 number particles, 3 more basic particles, and 2 fundamental particles), each of which combine with themselves, following simple rules, to make another particle or, for the fundamental particles, to make a "void."The voids provide a turn-based limit to game-play, and the strategy aspect for most of the levels in this game involves correctly timing the creation of voids, and the ability to manipulate these void tiles to both make optimal use of them, and avoid having them grab one of your particles.How do I win?The ultimate victory in Jugo is to play all levels to 3 stars, which involves beating a certain target score associated with each level, without any particle interaction with the void tiles. The difficulty of this for a particular level ranges from difficult to extremely challenging.Another goal for winning a level is to get 2 stars by using the voids effectively, to get even higher scores than are usually possible in a perfect game, and compete for highest score.This game can also be played as a casual game by simply completing a level to get 1 star.Not a math puzzleThe most basic tier of particles currently are represented with numbered pieces. The Arabic numerals are a widely recognized sequence, used here to help predict a new particle. Combining similar numbered particles creates the particle with the next highest number, up until 15 (which begins the next tier of 3 more basic particles). A second way to combine the numbered particles is to add particles that have a compatible color hue. But for those who think better with numbers, and for accessibility reasons, these color-compatible pairs also add to 15. The pairs of numbers that add to 15 represent the only math that could be necessary or useful in this game.						