
							About This Software
							AudioDirector 7 Ultra Total Audio-for-Video Editing Studio.Audio editing for video projects  Round-trip Editing  AudioDirector works flawlessly with PowerDirector, providing effortless round-trip editing. With round-trip editing there is no need to export your modified sound tracks and then re-import them your into your video project. Precision A/V Syncing  Visual editing tool lets you accurately synchronize voice-overs or audio effects to specific video frames, while automated dialogue replacement helps you to seamlessly align post-recorded audio to your video. 64-bit Support  AudioDirector offers a native 64-bit support editing engine for improved system efficiency and seemless performance while you edit your audio. 4K Video Rendering  Add high-quality audio to your Ultra HD resolution videos with support for both 2K and Ultra HD 4K video production and now rendering. Faster Loading & Conversion  AudioDirector 7 lets you get to work quicker with less resource instensive loading and importing. Once you're done, outputting your work to whatever format you choose is a breeze, even if you have to convert the original file to a new format. Virtual Surround Sound  Surround Sound Panner  Create sophisticated surround sound projects using dynamic panning technology. Total Output Control  Enjoy precise control over speaker output, including setting timed repeats of established sound pans. Upto 7.1 Channel Audio  Produce your audio files with support for up to 7.1 channel audio, bit rates up to 192kHz and 32-bit depth for clarity and fidelity. Add creative audio effects  Visual Effect Timeline  An innovative display presents effects on a layered timeline below the audio waveform so you can see all applied effects at a glance. Vocal Transformer  Vocal Transformer lets you alter existing vocals into the voice personality of your choice. Choose from five existing presets or create your own. Pitch Bender  Set keyframe points and accurately transform the pitch of audio tracks to give your recordings the exact effect you're after. Stereo Expander  Use new Stereo Expander to virtually give tracks a wider stereo presence and sound fuller. Remove clicks, hums & noise  Visual Repair  Choose between waveform and frequency spectrum visual interfaces, which highlights audio imperfections and allows you to fix them using Visual Repair. Noise Profile Presets  Once you have successfully repaired audio using hum or hiss removal, you can save the repair function settings as a preset for future use on other audio tracks. Restoration Adjustment Tools  Noise Reduction - Clears unwanted static and background noiseDeclip - Removes distortion caused by clippingDeclick - Clears track of clicks, pops and cracklesHiss Removal - Eliminates hissing sounds from audio tracksHum Removal - Gets rid of low frequency audio artifacts Multitrack mixing  Group Track Selection for Adjustments  Speed up the editing process by selecting and applying audio adjustments to multiple tracks with just a click. Simultaneous Multitrack Recording  Record from multiple audio sources either individually or simultaneously while maintaining control over the final audio arrangement. 99 Tracks with Icon Track Control  Convenient control buttons on each individual audio track—up to 99 tracks—for full control at your fingertips. Select a track icon, mute, record, add volume keyframes and more.						