
							About This Game
							The Multidimensional Underwear Drawer is an otome visual novel, in which young Hana finds eternal love … or death!After a long time, Hana is single again. The breakup with her boyfriend Jan has hit her quite hard. While her best friend Kerstin and her childhood friend Furio try their best to free Hana from her depression, she focuses completely on her work and drowns herself in self-pity on the weekend.But her gloomy mood summons two entities far worse: Two demons start inhabiting her apartment, in order to feed off her strained soul: Tymoteusz and Einar – One residing in her underwear drawer (which he also has happened to turn into a gate to hell itself), while the other possesses her teddy bear.Adding to that chaos, her neighbor Blanche seems to have taken a rather special interest in Hana as well.It’s the dawn of a hard time for her: Two demons occupying her home, a lesbian besieging her and two friends constantly pampering her. On top of all that, her ex shows up to reconquer his lost love …Which way will be the right one for Hana? Which will lead to bliss? Which will lead to loneliness or even death? As Hana decides, so do you!No false bottom! The Multidimensional Underwear Drawer is a full game with five different routes, including one for Yuri-enthusiasts! <3No DLC or microtransactions. You pay once and get EVERYTHING!Every Decision Matters! There is no meaningless decision. Every single one influences your Lovemeter!Atmospheric CGs! Every route will receive their own CG.Linguistic Proficiency! We strive to bring you amusing and intelligent dialogue, both in German and English!How Often Do You Die? With our Death Counter, how many times you have failed to achieve eternal bliss!Rewarding for Achievement Hunters! Over all 5 routes you will be able to unlock a total of 46 achievements!Educational! Over the course of the game, you will encounter several Info-Boxes, filled with funny as well as hilarious explanations for references within the dialogue so that nothing bars your enjoyment of The Multidimensional Underwear Drawer. But don’t worry: You can simply choose to ignore the boxes if you don’t want them ;)						