
							About This Game
							The Game A third-person, open world, realistic RPG that will take you to Medieval Europe in a time of great upheaval and strife. A humble, young farmer loses everything to war. As he tries to avenge his dead family, Fate drags him into the thick of a conspiracy to save the country and stop the bloody war with the invading ottoman army. You will wander the world, fighting as a knight, lurking in the shadows as a rogue, or using the diplomat’s charm to persuade people to your cause. You will dive deep into a sweeping, epic, nonlinear story from Radostin Stoychev. All of this - and more - brought to life beautifully with great visuals delivered via Unity 5.Features•	Non-linear story lets you choose between being a villain or a savior. Every quest can be solved in multiple ways.•	A great combat system provided by the new melee system of Invector•	Improve your character. Different play styles - warrior, rogue or diplomat - can be mixed and matched as you see fit. You can develop your skills, earn new perks, and fine-tune your equipment.•	Large realistic, medieval-themed, open world landscape •	Lead the charge in enormous, open field battles and sieges. You are no superhero. If you’re going to take on an army of enemies, you better find one of your own to back you up.•	Take a trip through the Middle Ages: Traverse sprawling cities, magnificent castles, towering, dark forests, and muck-strewn villages.•	A dynamic world comes alive. Every inhabitant plays a role in their communities, and as night follows day, you can watch people work, help them when needed, or try to interfere in their routine and see what happens.•	Build relationships with characters, become a criminal or a local hero, seduce local women, threaten your enemies or pardon vanquished opponents.•	Create your own weapons, cook, brew up potions, or dig around for silver or gold. •	Build your own settlements – Gather resources and build your own village, town or even a castle which you will have to protect from invading armies. Make yourself a good reputation amongst your people and they will pay you their taxes in time.Inspiration and storyThe game is inspired by titles like “Life is Feudal”, “Kingdom Come: Deliverance”, “The Witcher 3: Wild Hunt” and more.Story - The years is 1393, the kingdom Bulgaria, located in the southeast of Europe, rich in culture, gold and sprawling castles. The game is based on a true story – a story of kings, heirs, a kingdom, castle sieges and an invading army from the east.The King is long dead and his sons now are taking control of the kingdom. Their desire for power has made them enemies. Brother against brother. The kingdom is weak and It’s now easy target for the ottoman forces.The protagonistIn the midst of this plunder and chaos, a son of a farmer’s son will emerge as a hero. His home destroyed and his family murdered by the invading army, he must redeem his failure to protect those he loved and set things right again. Avenging the dead, safeguarding the kingdom’s rightful ruler, and restoring order will prove no small feat for our adventurer. But beware - this is not a fantasy fairytale, and you are not the chosen one! This will be a tough, dirty job that only a champion with enough wits and strength will survive.Freedom of choiceYour character is defined by your choices. Your abilities and stats grow depending on what you do. You decide how you want to appear. Every quest can be solved in multiple ways. Branched dialogue trees grant you the freedom to express yourself. Your reputation is based on your choices, and every choice you make carries appropriate consequences. There are no class restrictions, you can do anything you want to.Stand tall as a brave knight in powerful armor, going it alone or finding allies to lead into battle. Complete quests with brute force. Intimidate and threaten your enemies. Be confident, arrogant, or righteous.Sneak behind enemy lines as an invisible thief and assassinate the enemy. Stab. Snipe. Strangle from behind. Resolve difficult situations as an invisible phantom, stealing important evidence and threatening people to get information.Win hearts as a popular diplomat, persuading nobles with your silver tongue and convincing them to fight one another. Use your wits rather than your muscles to get the job done. Share drinks with people, be the funny guy everyone likes… and then stab your rivals in the back when they least expect it.QuestsWe’re not trying to create the biggest game ever; we want to concentrate on quality rather than quantity. We are trying to create something special for all of you out there. Our world is large, but again, the focus is on creating a natural, organic space, not one so overpopulated. The same philosophy applies to quests. We don’t want to inundate players with an insane amount of quests, but rather ensure that those we have are rich in detail, with multiple solutions (including non-violent approaches, where appropriate) suiting different play styles and making an impact on the world.Branching dialogueConversation is an integral aspect of The Fallen Kingdom, just as important as combat and just as difficult. It isn’t possible to absent-mindedly click through every dialogue option. Your time to make decisions is limited, your choices affect your relationships with others, and you cannot take back what you say. Just like in real life, you have to think carefully about what you say to whom.The WorldFreedom to do whatever you want, whenever you want, wherever you wantThe exploration of the world is free. If you don’t want to play the main quest line, it will “wait” for you, and you can go about exploring the world and doing other stuff – side quests, random events, hunting, crafting, small side stories, and much more. A giant world based on beautiful, real-world locationsUnity 5 allows us to quickly create huge areas of landscape. The world includes a sprawling city, vast forests, majestic castles, and dozens of villages and hamlets devastated by war. Of course, there will also be underground locations to discover, like mines, secret passages, and catacombs.Emergent GameplayOur world is a living, breathing, and COMPLEX ecosystem, ready to be toyed with. Everything happens for a reason, every character has his/her daily routine, and every routine can be affected by the player. Characters are able to react properly to all player actions and adjust their routines to them.Advanced reputation and law systemThe world will organically react to your deeds. NPCs will report your crimes to authorities, who will punish you for your crimes accordingly, either with a fine, time in jail, or by subjecting you to the stocks or torture. Crime will affect economics and NPC behavior; people will get suspicious or aggressive after unresolved crimes. Your reputation will spread by word of mouth.TechnologyWe are using Unity 5 to power our game. It’s a powerful, out-of-the-box toolset that runs on all major platforms and allows us to concentrate on the game instead of technology. Unity 5 affords us with unparalleled macro and micro details, including unlimited viewing distance, HD textures on all objects, and a functional day/night cycle with varying weather patterns, all set in a vast, beautifully lit, seamless world, free of load times.Who are we?We are a small studio (for now) with BIG ideas and plans for the future. Our team is highly experienced and we are familiar with the typical challenges, roadblocks, and potential pitfalls that come with the development of an open world game. Specifically, we need 12 months to finish the game (that includes 5 months for testing and fixing bugs and errors). We also believe that direct input from the community will help us a lot, allowing us to create an experience that people actually want to play, and we’re currently devising ways to make transparent our development process.						