
							About This Software
							With the Music Maker Steam Edition, making your own music has never been simpler. Produce your own songs easily on your PC using the mouse and keyboard. Start pumping feel good sounds through your speakers in just a few clicks!The most important features:  5,000 sounds & loops for Trap, Hip Hop, Deep House, Techno and much more 6 virtual instruments (e.g. Synthesizer, Drum Engine, Vita 2 Sample) 2 new virtual instruments: Concert Grand & Pop Drums Drag & drop to produce tracks Free companion app for effects and transport controls 99 tracks for small and big projects New Mediapool for an even better overview when making music. VST3 and VST2 interfaceProfessional sound. Even if you aren't a pro.Start with the rhythmLay down a base for your song with drum loops from genres such as hip hop or dubstep. You can also bring together your own grooves with virtual drum machines.  Add your soundsDrag & drop to add a driving bassline or guitar melody to the drums. This makes your original idea sound more musical straight away. Mix. DoneA relaxed piano, playful electronic sounds and pre-produced vocals: Music Maker is full of ideas for your music. Quickly mix down. That's it!Full bass. Full sound..[br] Full of great ideas.Drag & Drop the Beat:Combine pre-produced sounds from the most popular music styles to create your own songs in just a few mouse clicks.Music Maker Steam Edition comes equipped with 5,000 sounds for Dubstep, Hip Hop, Techno, Deep House, Jazz und Rock Pop. Build your beatsMusic becomes even easier when you can combine all melodies, bass lines and drums with each other, in 7 variations. Record. Mix. Turn it up.Connect a microphone and mix in your own vocals or rap. Bring even more power to your music with creative sound effects. Professional results.Who would've thought that Music Maker includes not just a VST interface, but also the famous zplane timestretching algorithm? It sounds complicated at first, but after you start using it, you won't believe your ears.Virtual instruments: Pop DrumsPlay Pop Drums: This software instruments lets you hear and see the effects of individual controls on the instrument's sound.They form an ideal base for electronic music, calm chillout songs and relaxed hip hop beats.  Concert GrandAn elegant classic: The sound of one of the world's most popular concert pianos has been sampled to create this virtual piano. Drum EngineThe Drum Engine provides bright drum sounds for electronic beat productions that you can use to support your own tracks. Additional instrumentsDN-e1 synthesizer, virtual Drum Machine and the Vita 2 Sample Player.Additional highlights  7 pitches. Endless possibilities. All Soundpools and Live Sets in Music Maker come in 7 different pitches. This lets you bring melodies, hook lines and bridges into your songs. Onscreen keyboardCreate music with the keyboard. You can also play your own chords and arpeggios without a MIDI keyboard - with just one finger.It automatically plays the notes that fit the key of the song you're working on - so you'll never hit a wrong note again.Companion app controlsConnect the free MAGIX Audio Remove app to Music Maker on your computer via Wi-Fi.  Download MAGIX Audio Remote for free Recording controlsUse the app to start recording band practice on your computer. Effects controlsUse the app to experiment with the room sound and filter controls for virtual instruments. NoteThe Music Maker Steam edition is a version of Music Maker available exclusively on Steam and contains all sounds, loops and instruments found in MAGIX Music Maker.						