
							About This Software
							Music Maker Premium Steam Edition is a unique virtual studio with 8,000 included sounds, intuitive drag & drop controls, 12 instruments and high-quality pro features for mixing & mastering. The most important features: All the features, instruments & sounds from Music Maker plus extra exclusive features" 12 Soundpools including the Premium Soundpools Score (film music), Chillout, Dance, Ambient, etc. 8,000 sounds & loops Exclusive premium instruments: Cinematic Soundscapes, Choir & Church Organ The new Media Pool: a clear overview of the entire arrangement Free companion app for effects and transport controls 12 virtual instruments (synthesizers, drum machines, choir) VST3 and VST2 interface More sounds. More instruments. Even more fun. Premium Advantages:4 exclusive Premium SoundpoolsIncluded only in Music Maker Premium Score (film music), Chillout, Dance and Ambient Soundpools. The exclusive score Soundpool "Dramatic Stories" accentuates dramatic strings arrangements and suspenseful horn sets. The chillout Soundpool "Mother Earth" brings together summery synthesizer sounds with mystical sound textures and exotic percussion elements. Additional sounds for Dance pump up the dance floor, while Ambient brings the needed relaxation. Live Pads and Live Sets This mode offers an especially easy, intuitive way of making music. Select one of the 30 Live Sets and begin changing the Live Set on the fly within your session. Premium: Cinematic SoundscapesWith Cinematic Soundscapes you can create complex textures to use as scores.  Premium: Church OrganThe impressive Church Organ lets you create majestic soundscapes. Playfully create soulful ballads, epic soundtracks or hot dance tracks. Premium: ChoirThe Choir virtual instrument lets you play vocals using your keyboard and comes in three different voices. More space for your creativity – with the new Mediapool. ArrangeThe new Mediapool is now found on the right side, offering you even better access to all sounds, loops & instruments. RecordUnlimited tracks. Endless fun. Music Maker Premium gives you plenty of space for countless MIDI and audio tracks.  MixThere's no limit to your creativity with studio effects, external VST3 plug-ins and Mastering Suite.  Pop DrumsPop Drums celebrate the comeback of the year. Bring back the shrill, quirky sound of the '80s and produce powerful beats. Concert GrandThis instrument is based on recordings of a carefully selected concert piano made in an international concert hall. The piano's powerful sound shines in large part thanks to its very clear, lyrical tones.Lead SynthCareful – electrically charged: A powerful synthesizer for creating typical sounds from popular current electronic music genres and hip-hop. More virtual instruments Drum Engine, Jazz Drums, Synthesizer Revolta 2, Synthesizer DN-e1, Vita 2 Sample Player, Vita Sampler. Additional highlights 7 pitches. Endless possibilities. All Soundpools and Live Sets in Music Maker come in 7 different pitches. This gives you even more creative freedom in music production. Design hooklines, bridges and refrains even more easily.Companion app controls. Download MAGIX Audio Remote for free.Connect the free MAGIX Audio Remove app to Music Maker on your computer via Wi-Fi.  Recording controlsUse the app to start recording band practice on your computer. Effects controlsUse the app to experiment with the room sound and filter controls for virtual instruments.  						