
							About This Game
							Prepare to immerse yourself in the freedom that you can normally only get out of a tabletop RPG. Empowered with magic, you will create your own story, and experience real consequences from the decisions you make. Will you be the world’s savior . . . or its destroyer? The choice is yours.Key features:Designed to play fast, each "life" takes ~2-4 hours to play throughExplore a true open world teeming with life, choice, and consequenceImmerse yourself in a player-driven story that evolves based on your decisionsUnleash dangerous spells that can have game-changing consequencesCast magic to overcome obstacles and explore challenging dungeonsProcedural world generation featuring in-depth political, economic, and military simulationsExperience a never-before-seen religion/spirituality/worship systemIt’s Your Story – Born with great potential, what will you do with it?  Adventure, politic, research, grow in power, but one day you will die by natural causes ending your story.  See your impact on the world at your funeral. Gain in Power – Explore dungeons, discover artifacts of ancient power, visit arcane libraries all to gain skill in 5 distinct schools of magic.  Customize you own spells through research.Total Freedom – Make good, evil, or choices in between.  Use your gold to fund an orphanage, or keep prisoners in your mage tower and let them rot.  Use your power and influence to bring peace between waring nobles or to instigate a feud.  Just like pen & paper its all up to you.[img{STEAM_APP_IMAGE}/extras/Box_Lid_bm-600.jpg[/img]Actually Be in a Medieval Fantasy World – Swear fealty to nobles, gain lands and estate, invest in town shops, move homes, start a family (or several).  An unprecedented level of presence in the world.Hire Apprentices and Minions – Select apprentices wisely, chart their course of training, assign them tasks like trading or research.  Feed failures to your pet.  Watch out for betrayers!Build a Mage Tower – Use your power and wealth to build an intellectual respite of research or an impenetrable tower of power, and anything in betweenUnparalleled NPC Interaction – Every NPC is a distinct person of depth. Learn their personality and motivation, conduct business, turn things romantic, or kill them.  NPCs remember every interaction and even spread news (sometimes inaccurately) about you.Craft and Enchant – Create your own equipment and specialize how you please: battle, politics, research, and more.  Create potions, golems, and more in your mage tower workshop.Inspired by Raistlin Majere of Dragonlance – The core concept is to go from humble beginnings to becoming the most influential and powerful mage in the world?  Dragonlance fans will find much to enjoy.Procedural World Generation – Every game generates a new world with dozens of towns, thousands of NPCs, a unique history, treasures, items, historical characters, and monster lairs.The World Progresses and Ages – With or without your involvement.  Kingdoms rise and fall, towns grow or shrink, monster threats grow and expand.  Watch young NPCs grow, marry, bear children, and eventually die, all in one player lifetime.Choice, Consequence, Emergent Story – As the world simulates along, your every NPC interaction is factored into it.  Killed the inn keeper?  The inn will close and his family will hate you.  Indiscriminately divorce an NPC? Maybe they’ll send thugs after you out of scorn.Realistic Supply-Demand Economy – Towns have primary businesses which consume goods and produce others.  Goods travel along road systems through AI traders.  Bandits interrupt supply runs and can lead to your favorite brew no longer available in the local tavern.  Get involved in trading and starting new businesses, or ignore it entirely.Revolutionary Blight System Creates Realistic Quests – A population of giant spiders can establish a nest near a town.  Townsfolk will go missing.  Over time, it escalates even to the point where the town falls under attack.  This affects NPCs, trade, and population unrest.  NPCs will be aware of the problem and request your help with it for varying rewards.  Don’t act quickly enough? Watch out for AI heroes and rival mages accepting and completing quests too!Archmage Rises is being developed for PC and Mac and is set to launch in Q1 2017.						