
							About This Game
							Shadows of Adam is a classic JRPG fan’s dream come true. Shadows of Adam brings a compelling story, unique fast-paced battle system and modernized visuals to a beloved genre.Tucked away from the outside world by the impenetrable haze of the Misty Woods, the village of Adam has mostly lived in peace since the days of the Wraith War. Magic, the dark power that fueled that war has vanished. But darkness is descending once more and Adam's legendary hero, Orazio, is no more. 10 years ago he left without explanation and never returned, leaving his son and adopted daughter to wrestle with the dark secret he left behind—a secret that must now be revealed if the children hope to save both Adam and their departed father, though its revelation could unhinge the world. Compelling Character Driven Story: Shadows of Adam’s story is one with deep narrative and an interesting plot. The story revolves around 4 main characters: Asrael, Kellan, Curtis and Talon.A Strategic AP Management Battle System: AP is restored between each round of battle automatically and through defeating enemies. This allows a unique attrition system that encourages skill use and fast combat.Beautiful Visuals: Shadows of Adam features beautifully modernized visuals inspired by classic JRPGs of the SNES-era.Original Soundtrack With Over 44 Tracks: An original soundtrack by Tyler Mire that’s inspired by music from the genre's greatest games. This soundtrack includes unique themes for each area and character and has an emphasis on strong melody and emotional connection.It’s an honor for us to provide Shadows of Adam in its entirety to newcomers, and of course to our tens of thousands of Kickstarter supporters, followers and fans finally getting their full course meal! This game is our tribute to an industry which has consistently rewarded its followers for decades by offering classic after classic to keep even the strongest and most unique RPG urges satiated. While gameplay formulas and graphics have steadily raised standards across many genres over the years, even making older games in some genres downright unplayable, JRPG classics remain timeless, because of a secret all JRPG fans should know too well. It isn’t necessarily about the gameplay and graphics that go into the game, but rather the HEART and SOUL poured into it which goes on to beat through each heartwarming moment and pulse through every gut-wrenching ride.While Shadows Of Adam does boast spiffy new graphics, and awesome new gameplay, we at Something Classic know just how important that heart and soul bit really is. That’s why we poured every inch of our heart and soul into this game -down to the very last red pixel!- and you can bet that our thousands of fans and hundreds of testers have put in equal effort towards making this game not only a reality, but also a success! Thank you, and may your journey through Shadows Of Adam be as exciting as ours.						