
							About This Game
							Strike Squadron: Caracará is an action-packed 2D space sim where you fly missions as the pilot of one of UN's smallest and worst-equipped squadrons.Don't think it's just about shooting enemies flying in a pattern! Missions may include combat, exploration, recon, cirurgical strikes and infiltration on enemy territory.Between missions meet your wingmen and learn more about the world you live in. What you say and how you say it will define how they see you and what they will tell or not tell you. Your successes, failures and choices will affect the story.There is no united Humankind: we still struggle to even work side by side, and your next enemy may as well be the same one who offered artillery support on a previous mission.This is not a shoot 'em up. This is a 2D space sim.THE STORY SO FARWe are not alone.In 2083 the north american spaceship Conquest reached Europa's orbit, only to come across an alien patrol ship.We have never been alone. For centuries the League of Worlds, an association of dozens of alien sentient species, have kept Earth and Humankind under surveillance, hiding the truth under a veil of lies. More than once they interfered with our History. More than once they hid the facts from us.And maybe they were right in doing so.After Revelation Day, Earth plunged into chaos. Of these dark times risen new power blocks, but no United Earth.Today is 2145. The United Nations struggles to keep Earth's power blocks in peace with each other while doing its best to protect the solar system against space pirates and smugglers bringing powerful advanced technology capable of destroying the planet if it fell in the wrong hands.In this scenario cames the Southern Alliance, formed by South American and African nations. Once underdeveloped nations, they now fight for a place in Humankind's future.They are not the strongest. They are not the best equipped. But they have learned to live with what they got.In a Galaxy where Humankind is little more than second-class citizens, illegal immigrants and cheap work force, the Southern Alliance may well be best prepared to face what lies ahead.						