
							About This Game
							Welcome to the world of MaxControl. The first base-building, RTS, Shooter hybrid in Cryengine. Here you are in the year 2034, shortly after the Great Depression, followed by seven years of global war. The two largest companies in the world (Global Resource and Stabil & Gut) wrestle for supremacy. Born as a mercenary, you are fighting against everything ... as long as the price is right.Explore an open world to develop new technologies, while you are fighting against your opponent with strategic skill, speed and team spirit. Produce and distribute various products to fulfill the needs of your employee’s satisfaction. Built bases with tactical skills and ensure your vital resources. Occupy both individual villages and entire regions to be faster, better and more efficient than your opponent ... .. if you want to survive.Hey Everybody!!! Short Things About Us.We are a young group of currently four people!!(1 programmer,1 level and art designer and 1 director and 1 composer)we worked hard since 2015 and are proud to give you this first impression!The Single-Player campaign will appear after the game has been full released (As soon as we leave the Early Access).Utilize a new form of real-time strategy within the teams. While in first Person campaigns you plan together within the team, you have also the possibility to split Logistics and military structures.  Therefore, MaxControl offers the possiblity, to switch between the FPS, the base builder, the troops General or the constructer.Base directions: construct all necessary buildings and the equipmentTroops General: Command all military campaigns Constructor: design Outposts and industrial buildings! Conquer new places and discover new resources to secure the necessary supplies for your team.Each player has his own real-time map, in which the index is influenced by the daily cycle.Produces up to different goods to earn Gold, to equip your army, build new bases and to satisfy your employees. In addition, you have the possibilty to sell and buy goods at the market. Enter a world in which your strategy depends on resources, time oft day and weather conditions. Destructible environments will also have an affect on all activities. Every place, every street and every building has to be used to plan ambushes, to take positions or to launch offensives. To be protected against the enemies, you will have to expand your tactical interplay permanently, so you are able to keep and conquer highly competitive areas.Currently you have the choice to choose  between two different air-strikes!Equip your weapons with a variety of Upgrades to obtain an advantage in the fight.Build your base with MG-Towers and walls to protect it.More tower defends in progress (watch Coming Soon list).Stormtrooper, Heavy Machinegunner, Sniper, Tactical UnitPlayer-Weapon-UpgradesGrenade Launcher and RC Misle. Further classes are already being planned and will follow (watch Coming Soon list).AI-InfantryStormtrooper,Mg Soldier, Mortar and Sniper. Further AI-Infantry and vehicles in progress (watch Coming Soon list).- TIME-OF-DAY: The daily cycle will soon follow.- PLAYABLE-CLASSES: Tank buster in progress.- PLAYER-VEHICLES: MG HMMWV, Van, Canon Truck, Abrams light/heavy,   Bbrams light/heavy and Hunter. Other vehicles such as the Skatmobile, Rocket Van or Antiaircraft gun are already being planned and will follow.- PLAYER-WEAPON-UPGRADES:  Dronepak and Mortar in progress.- AI_INFANTRY: Medic Drone in progress.- AI-VEHICLES: Mg Hmmwv, Canon Truck, Abrams, Bbrams and Hunter in progress and will follow.- BASE-DEFENDS: Systems such as Rocket-Tower or Flak are in progress and will follow.						