
							About This Game
							Learn to fly r/c model airplanes with this realistic flight simulator! RC-AirSim has been used successfully by many r/c pilots to learn how to fly a model airplane. RC-AirSim has more realistic flight dynamics and ground handling than most of the much more expensive r/c flight sims. RC-AirSim was one of the first big hits on Xbox Live Indie Games (XBLIG), where it held the #1 ranking position for many weeks.Features 9 model airplanes to fly including: F-15 Fighter Jet, WWI Biplane, Glider, Electric Parkflyer, Aerobatic Planes, and a Trainer.  Realistic r/c model airplane flight aerodynamics based on NASA flight simulation technology.  Fly with Mouse, Keyboard, or Game or USB Controller.  Powerful controller remapping and calibration feature so almost any controller is compatible. Awesome crashes! Planes break apart in a realistic physics-based manner.  Accurate landings and ground handling.  3 view options - R/C, Following (Chase cam), and Onboard camera (FPV).  4 channel controls - aileron, elevator, rudder, throttle.  Optional on-screen Transmitter Sticks.  3 control modes: Mode 2 (default), Mode 1, and 3 Channel. Customizable. Field objects to avoid and fly behind.  Doppler-correct sound.  Get flying quickly! No slow, tedious menus or multiple load screens.RC-AirSim is a R/C Model Airplane Flight Simulator that excels where it matters most: realistic flight dynamics and aerodynamics! Tired of "simulators" that feel unrealistic and fly like an arcade game? Try RC-AirSim! Experienced R/C pilots say that RC-AirSim feels and flies like an actual r/c model airplane! R/C pilots, don't let your skills get rusty when you are away from the flying field: practice with RC-AirSim. New to the hobby of r/c model airplanes? Learn on RC-AirSim first and make the maiden flight of your first r/c plane a successful one.R/C Aircraft F-15 Regal Eagle Large gas powered ducted fan military jet. 4 Channel control.  WWI Flying Ace Electric scale biplane based on the historic World War I Fokker D.VII. Moving control surfaces and spinning prop. Comes with two paint schemes: Red/White or Blue/Green Lozenge. 4 Channel control.  Back 40 Trainer Classic 4 channel high-wing trainer with plenty of dihedral for beginners. Powered by a .40 size gas engine.  Slowmowatt Electric park flyer. Flies very slow so there is plenty of time to react. Easiest to fly! Perfect for beginners using the 3 Channel control scheme. 4 channel control available.  Double Helix Low wing electric sport plane. A great choice for beginning aerobatics. 4 Channel control.  Madster EDF Small sport scale electric ducted fan military jet. 4 Channel control.  Super Dee Large high wing tail-dragger aerobatic sport plane. Gas powered. Great for low inverted passes! 4 Channel control.  Emerald Glider Classic 2-meter wingspan glider. 4 Channels - use the 'throttle' channel to adjust your drag. For rudder/elevator controls only (no ailerons), fly using 3 Channel control scheme.						