
							About This Game
							NightmareZ is a side-scrolling platform action game with multiple enemies, lots of fancy features and retro visuals. This is a retro styled platform and action game which will immerse you in a unique world full of good and evil demons and there are also different scenarios to pass through including Mountain cave, The Land of Flora, The Land of the Hell, The Core of the Hell, The land of Snow, The Dark City and The Cave of The Hell with deadly traps, formidable enemies, power ups, and secrets. Warning: This game is hard and challenging! If you are into this genre and love challenges, you can try out this game.STORYWho could ever think the Doom's day to arrive so early? The world has been completely consumed by the Darkness. The zombies and evil spirits manifested to rule over the world. The fate is displaying the NIGHTMARE of being consumed by the darkness spontaneously. In this catastrophic situation, a speck of light of HOPE appears. The person who has been lured to the battle field by the king of the darkness, is not a human being but a demon with unusual demonic power. He wants to fight against the evil forces. He had lost his family 5 years ago due to the sudden attack of evil spirits. He is now guided by a saint who provides him instructions from time to time. He is the son of the greatest warrior, Zaxina. He is Razor. There is a deep mystery behind the demonic powers of Razor, which his brother knows. Razor had never seen his brother from birth and hopes to meet him someday. His current aim is to seize and annihilate the evil demonic forces! At last, he would be able to rescue his brother but will he be able to rescue his father? Why can't he use his true demonic energy against the evil demons? Will his brother disclose the secret behind his true demonic power?KEY FEATURESCompletely story Driven!13 Scenarios to Play!Challenging Situations and Hard to Master!Find out keys to unlock and open special locked doors!Wide range of equipment including Ammo, Health, and Energy Boxes!Perform two powerful techniques like "The Multiple Shooting Skill" and "The Thunder Skill" along with single firing mode to destroy weak and formidable Enemies or Bosses!4 unique and powerful bosses!Avoid Saws, Giant and Medium-Sized Blades. Otherwise, die for about a MILLION TIMES! Are you ready to start a journey in the world of darkness or perhaps ready to die for about million times? Let's begin!						