
							About This Game
							Please be sure to check out the Community Hub - Screenshots and Videos !-)The lone developer (me, obviously: steamcommunity.com/id/maddma) ...(please add me, and why not check if I'm in-game, testing some new feature ?-)... is contactable via either of these (and usually, but not always, is under theinfluence of GMT/BST):manic-miners@outlook.com - facebook.com/MinersManic----------Overview----------Welcome to "Manic Miners" - just imagine, "Lemmings" meets "Boulderdash" ... withTNTs, fuse bombs, lasers and flamers tossed-in-too! And jewels, jewel-bags, coins,ice, bulbs, smoke, smileys, sparks, huge trees, wormholes, gas-pockets and earth-quakes! Now with hint mode, help mode, mini-missions, two-player online game,and map editor! Nigh-Swan !-)"Excavate To Accumulate!"Deploy your Tiny Miners (TM) to collect, and safely return home, as many jewels aspossible.  But, be very, very, aware - there's a million ways to die daan there! Well,ok, seven anyway! Yes, the Seven Deadly Things! So, just a tip ... Try to avoid falling.And drowning. And getting squished. Or gassed. Or burnt. Or blowed-up! (The seventhmethod is suicide!) Oh, and yes, do watch out for them darned wormholes, gas-pockets,and earthquakes! And all that deadly chokey-smokey! And all with commandments and commentary in the silky-smooth, calming voice of yournarrator, "Manic Minnie".Such is "Manic Whirled"! One hundred thousand landscapes where there's no health norsafety. But it's one hell of a beautiful place to die ?-)Now with Manic-Miners-Mini-Missions ... you're given just sixty seconds to completea task, for rewards of random weapons boosts !-)Fancy tossing your TNT at a Steam friend? Well, now you can, with the two-playeronline game. Featuring wall-building to help protect your claim to territory, and thusresources! Undermine your opponent's hut's foundations to claim outright victory!So, think of the one-player game as a practise mode to prepare you for a properbattle !-)And even includes a (simple, but with more functions coming soon-ish) map editor!Originally, I wrote the first version of this on the Amiga, in about 2001, and it wassimply called "Miners". And yes, I did draw my Tiner Miners (TM) myself, contraryto one person's suggestion. You'll find they are twice the size of the "Lemmings" in,obviously, that game, and are similar because they were indeed inspired by it. So,got a PC in 2003, and converted it from 680x0 to C++, and that was it until about2014, when I decided to put it on Greenlight. Two years passed, without thinkingabout it, and then last year, I noticed an email at about 3 in the morning. Since,there's been months of additions and improvements (uses the latest DirectX, andnow also HLSL pixel shaders - damn, I LOVE PIXEL SHADERS !-). And I'm hopingthere will be more still yet to be done. But, alas, there's only one of me, and I'mgetting a bit desperate for support and feedback, etc. Thus, if you do like the idea(Lemmings * Boulderdash, plus more), then please, please, please do give it a trytoday. Better still, get a friend to get a copy too, and have a good explore together!Even if only for an hour or so - if you don't like, then just get a refund, no ?-)Incidentally, here's some more DMA-ness,  for Android !-)https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.alderson.dave.tingshttps://twitter.com/madt1ngshttps://facebook.com/madt1ngshttps://instagram.com/madt1ngshttps://madt1ngs.tumblr.comhttps://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.alderson.dave.ballbearinghttps://facebook.com/ballbearingmad-------------How To Play-------------Your Tiny Miners have abilities similar to "Lemmings", eg: bash (left or right), dig (downor up), climb, build, float, etc. When you deploy a Miner, he will dumbly walk forwarduntil you command him to do something. You can click on an ability button to select it,then LMB on a Miner to start or stop that ability. Alternatively you can play via keyboard,so press a key to issue a command, and press the same key again to stop bashing ordigging, or to disable climbing. All keyboard controls can be redefined via title screen.Thus, you would typically dig down to where the goodies are, whilst avoiding explosives,falling objects (eg: ice and rocks will fall if not supported, and boulders also roll sidewaysif the earth beneath them is not intact, similar to "Boulderdash"), etc. Wormholes and gas-pockets cannot be seen until you open them, by passing into their map squares.When underground, your Tiny Miners will dig and bash so as to remain aligned to mapsquares, so if you press a key, wait for the response, do not press again because yourMiner does not start instantly, as this will cancel the command. This is so you only dig/bash into a single square at a time (you would not want to simultaneously enter twosquares where, for example, one might be a jewel and the other an explosive). Again,if you command to stop digging down, or change to bashing, your Tiny Miner will finishemptying his current square, so the bashing will be safely aligned to a single object.When your Miner has proved his worth at collecting, then you must return him home toreceive payment for the jewels he has. Thus digging up and building are possible. Thetrick is to not be too greedy, because if your Miner dies on the way home, he will thenattempt to drop a jewel bag, which will contain only half of his carried jewels.---------------------On The Title Screen---------------------Across the top of the title screen, which itself alternates between a Manic-Auto-Demo,or a previously-played Game-Replay, you will find, from left to right, the following barsand buttons:The top-left five buttons are: one-game; two-player; load saved game or level map;reset MAD/GR; and deposit the current MAD/GR map number into the landscape bar.In the middle, are three bars: the landscape selector (1-99999); the level selector(Easy/Medium/Hard); and the currently-selected landscape's high-score. This is thenumber of jewels safely and successfully returned home. The landscape selector'sarrows can be pressed with the LMB for slow, the RMB for fast. Or press both forfaster, where the order of pressing them also counts. Or just L/RMB on individualdigits for minus/plus one.The top-right five buttons are: customise RGB; define keys; show stats; editor; andquit! You can pimp your Tiny Miners, by changing the colours of their parasol, hair,eyes, skin, boiler-suit, gloves, bag, and boots. First LMB on the item button, then onthe preferred colour button. In the same way, the define keys page allows all of thekeyboard preferences to be chosen. First LMB on the relevant bar, then press therequired key. The stats page lists all of your current Steam achievements, and willhopefully become more periodic-table-like as more are added.The bottom-left button (also visible during the game), is press with LMB for slow,or RMB for fast, and move the mouse to scroll the map window. Also, CTRL canbe pressed to enable window scrolling. The Landscape Editor can also be accessedby pressing TAB.--------------------------Two-Player Online Game--------------------------The second button on the title screen opens the "Invite Friend" page. It lists yourStream friends, and you can select any to invite into a two-player online game. Ifyou receive an invite, the button on the title screen will flash, and then the pagewill show from whom, and you can accept the invite. The two-player game willbegin upon acceptance of an invite, and, yes, two-player games can be saved,and loaded, obviously, later!On the invite page, you will also see the landscape and difficulty bars. Whomeversends the invite will define these, and will play the game as Player One (hut at theleft of the map). Player Two (in the right hut) will thus be whomever accepts theinvite to the sent landscape and difficulty.When you choose to load a saved two-player game, an invite will be sent to therelevant Steam friend, and the game will commence for both players when theinvite is accepted.Don't forget, featuring wall-building to help protect your claim to territory, and thusresources! Undermine your opponent's hut's foundations to claim outright victory!Go on, try it now: bash away the four squares directly beneath your hut's metalfoundations !-)-------------------------The Landscape Number-------------------------This is used as the seed for a list of pseudo-random numbers, in order to createprocedurally-generated:+ landscape shape;+ rainbow sizes (inner and outer radii) and intensity (if a daytime sky texture);+ sky texture (1 of 30), speed (slow/fast) and direction (left/right);+ grass colouring (RGB);+ earth texture (1 of 30) and colouring (RGB);+ water height, colouring (RGB), speed (slow/fast) and direction (left/right);+ dinosaur skeleton texture (1 of 5), position, size, and direction (left/right);+ locations and sizes of trees (max size is determined by landscape slope,   else always Bonsais for stepped, and colours according to grass, soil and   water RGBs);+ locations of objects.The landscape shape is either flat, or determined by a random number of randomly-sized/positioned curves, and also with a one in five chance that the curves will then become steps. It is then 50/50 whether the objects will be placed singularly, or inhorizontal/vertical lines.--------------------The Difficulty Level--------------------This is used to determine the numbers of objects in the generated landscape. Thisgenerally means that Easy results in more of the nice objects (eg: jewels), and lessof the nasty objects (eg: explosives). Obviously, Hard is the proverbial vice-versa.-----------------During Le Game-----------------The top-left button is used to select weapon mode, from the available weapons whichare carried by your currently selected Tiny Miner. For the current weapon type, thebutton shows your currently selected Miner's available weapon count, if you have one.TNT:It's never been so much fun to toss ... TNT!  You must always toss your TNT upwards!Thus, the mouse has to be above your Miner's height to toss one. Also, you can pressCTRL to focus the view upon your TNT's impact point (if Enlarge-O-Scope is off).FUSE BOMB:When in fuse bomb mode, you will be shown a fading fuse bomb at the location yourcurrently selected Tiny Miner will ... drop one! A nice, smooth, hard, shiny, black roundone! Simply press LMB in the map to leave behind a fuse bomb, and get out of the waybefore its fuse runs out!LASER:When in laser mode, you will be shown a fading laser spot at the location your currentlyselected Tiny Miner will fire one from. Simply aim with the mouse, and press LMB to fire!FLAMER:Again, when enabled, you will be show a fading flamer at the side your currently selectedTiny Miner will fire one from (left/right/above/below). Aim with the mouse, horizontally orvertically, and LMB to fire!The next button is used to enter Wall Mode. During this, any of your Miners can build withbrick or metal wall into nearby empty map squares, as long as the square can adequatelysupport it. A brick can be placed on top of firm soil, or any other solid object, thus creatinga vertical wall, whilst metal can also be placed beneath and next to another same-colouredmetal, thus forming horizontal structures. So, point at a square, and if you can build there,the mouse will show as normal, or it will be transparent if the square cannot be built.To the right of these are three bars, the middle of which shows your current available funds,and the elapsed game time. The first bar, when you have a selected Miner, shows how manyjewels that Miner is carrying, and the states of his climb, float, and breathe abilities. Beneaththese are the Miner's number, his current movement direction (left or right), and his currentactivity mode. When you have no Miner selected, this bar shows how many Miners you havedeployed in the landscape.The third bar shows two jewels counts, and your total number of deaths during the currentgame. When playing a generated landscape, the jewels counts are your jewels (see next),and the total number of jewels in the landscape. If you have a selected Miner, then it showshow many jewels carried by him. If you have no selected Miner, then it shows the numberof jewels carried by your deployed Miners. If you have no deployed Miners, then it showsthe number of jewels returned home. For a loaded level map, the jewels counts are yournumber of jewels returned home and required number of jewels to complete the level. Thetwo top-right buttons are save game, and quit game, and they function as soon as pressed,so do so only if you mean it!At the bottom centre of the screen (when the Enlarge-O-Scope not active) are the game-play buttons (equivalents to keyboard controls). The two bottom-left buttons select throughyour  deployed Miners. To the right of these are the ability icons, and the two bottom-rightbuttons will start/stop the selected ability, and change the selected Miner's direction (turn).Its LMB on an ability icon to select it, then LMB on a Miner to start or stop that ability(or, obviously, use the corresponding key). RMB on a Miner will select him, or on anicon will purchase it, cash-permitting. RMB not on a Miner or icon will unselect anyselected Miner. Icons cost 100, and Miners, 1000, each. Digging, bashing, blockingand bombing all cost one icon every time a Miner starts to do so. Climbing, floating,breathing and building cost one icon the first time they are given to a Miner, and heremembers that ability until he dies.Tiny Miners are perfectionists, which means they might not always respond instantly.When underground, digging and bashing will always start when a Miner is aligned toa map square, thus issue a command only once, and it will begin very soon after. Ifyou want to  cease digging or bashing, then, for example, just press the key again.The two lower Enlarge-O-Scope icons show the selected Miner's current & pendingactivities.At the screen bottom-left is the scroll icon. Press with LMB (or RMB for fast), and movethe mouse to scroll the map window (or press CTRL).---------------------------------------"Phooo! What`s That Funny Smell ?-)"---------------------------------------Whilst excavating, your Tiny Miners might accidentally get sucked off into a Wormhole,or come across a gas-pocket! Once opened, pockets will start to emit a finite numberof gas clouds. Gas is explosive, and is ignited by explosions, TNT or bomb fuses, lasers,light-bulbs, or sparks. Sparks can be created when rocks or boulders fall against or arepushed over metal, or rocks, boulders, jewels, coins or bulbs fall onto metal. Gas comesin three colours: blue, green and red:Blue: is lighter than air, thus rises.Green: is heavier than air, thus falls.Red: tends to hang around, but not just like a bad smell - it`s also acidic!Gas is poisonous to non-breathers, but can be vented, for example, by tunneling outthrough a hillside. Red acidic gas, however, is instantly fatal, and can even eat into,and detonate, explosives!---------------------------------------"What`s They're Whirled Made Of ?-)" ---------------------------------------Soil: there`s tons of it about, but it`s easily shiftedBrick: cannot be dug, but can be exploded, lasered, or flamed throughRock: ditto, but can also be pushed, and droppedBoulder: ditto, and will also roll sideways if not supportedMetal: impenetrable, immovable, and sparks when scraped by rocks or boulders, or hit by rocks, boulders,......... jewels, coins, bulbs, lasers or flamersJewel: worth 500 a pop, when returned home, and are subject to the force of gravityCoin: just like jewels, except you receive payment for them instantly (bronze=50, silver=100, gold=200)Egg: where new Miners hatch from, but are fragile, so avoid that pesky gravityExplosive: thus, avoid at all costs, and also protect these from gravity, tooIce: can be pushed to detonate explosives from a safe distance Smiley: a Miner can take up to 2 of these for heightening his senses, and then more for earning weaponsBulb: they never grow, just shine, and are very, very hot, so can ignite gas cloudsBag: can be left behind by dead Miners whom were carrying jewelsWormhole: if the exit is not blocked, for instantaneous transportationings to ... elsewhere ?-)Gas Pocket: will emit a finite number of gas clouds, either Blue (up), Green (down), or Red (deadly)Gas Cloud: ignited if in contact with explosions, TNT or bomb fuses, lasers, flamers, light-bulbs or sparks,....... or if Red gas touches an explosiveSmoke: bad smoke, not good smoke, is best vented out of the earth into open airSparks: are emitted when rocks or boulders fall against or are pushed over metal; or when rocks, boulders,....... jewels, coins or bulbs fall onto metal; or when a laser or flamer hits metal, coins, or bulbs;--------------------------"Welease The Miners !-)" --------------------------Walker: like a mindless automaton, blindly strolling to his own deathClimber: likes to get high, and does so at every available opportunityFloater: so high, feels like he`s floating on airBreather: capable of some seriously heavy breathingBomber: very, very hot-headed, and always blowing his top over nothingBlocker: even a password would be more than his job`s worthBuilder: prefers to be more of a constructive individualBasher: loves nothing more than bashing away horizontallyDowner: really, really, really, loves getting downUpper: always on the up, unless shaken-----------------------------Manic-Miners-Mini-Missions-----------------------------These occur randomly, and you're given just 60 seconds to respond, or complete a specified task:DOUBLE COINS: all coins are worth doubleTRIPLE COINS: all coins are worth triple2 EGGS: bash or dig two eggs2 BULBS: bash or dig two light-bulbs3 CUBES: bash or dig three ice cubes5 SMILEYS: collect five smileys2 EXPLOSIVES: dig up, and bash left or right from, under two explosives2 CARRY 15: have two Tiny Miners simultaneously carrying fifteen jewels each3 CARRY 10: have three Tiny Miners simultaneously carrying ten jewels eachOPEN WORMHOLE: find and open a wormholeOPEN GAS POCKET: find and open a (non-red!) gas pocket HALF DEPTH: dig down to half of the maximum depthtitudeTEN SHIMMIES: make a climber perform ten shimmies (turns) without falling-------------------Keyboard Controls-------------------Q == DIG UPA == DIG DOWNO == BASH LEFTP == BASH RIGHTC == CLIMBF == FLOATB == BREATHD == BOMBX == BLOCKZ == BUILD (+CTRL = BUILD UP)I == TURN MINER (invert direction)ENTER == START/STOP MINERSPACE == HOLD MINER (same as pointing the mouse at Miner)HOME == DEPLOY MINER{ == PREVIOUS MINER} == NEXT MINERT == TNT MODE (then CTRL = show impact point)W == WALL MODEE == ENLARGE-O-SCOPE (circle = magnify)R == REDUCT-O-VISION (square = map)H == PAUSEM == MUSIC ON/OFFN == NEXT TUNE, == ICON DOWN. == ICON UPF1 - F9 == SELECT ICONS- == GAME SLOWER+ == GAME FASTER1 == TNT MODE2 == FUSE BOMB MODE3 == LASER MODE4 == FLAMER MODE8 == ENABLE HINT MODE9 == REPEAT LAST HINT0 == RESET HINT MODECURSORS == MOVE WINDOW (+CTRL = FAST)or press CTRL and move the mouseor press SCROLL BUTTON and move the mouseTAB == spy on your opponent's selected Miner if yourselected miner has a radar (drop 2 smileys), but do beaware this costs your Tiny Miner "psychic energy", andis thus fatal if done for too longESC == CANCEL / QUITWhen on the title screen:ENTER == PLAY GAMETAB == START EDITORSPACE == DETONATE A RANDOM MAD-AUTO-DEMO MINER-----------------------Some Useful Numbers-----------------------Map Size: 256 x 256 squares.Map Size: 4096 x 4096 pixels.A Tiny Miner can carry up to 255 jewels at a time. Yes, BIG pockets!One Jewel is worth 500. One Miner costs 1000. And Icons cost:100 -- Blocker, Builder, Basher, Downer, Upper250 -- Climber, Floater, Breather500 -- BomberBronze Coin: worth 50Silver Coin: worth 100Gold Coin: worth 200Build Wood: costs 50 [coming soon!]Build Brick: costs 100Build Metal: costs 200Initial numbers of Miners, Icons and TNTs are:Easy:5 Miners with 5 TNTs each10 Climbers/Floaters/Breathers/Bombers/Blockers/Builders20 Bashers/Downers/UppersMedium:4 Miners with 4 TNTs each5 Climbers/Floaters/Breathers/Bombers/Blockers/Builders15 Bashers/Downers/UppersHard:3 Miners with 3 TNTs each3 Climbers/Floaters/Breathers/Bombers/Blockers/Builders10 Bashers/Downers/UppersA Tiny Miner can take 2 smileys to permanently heighten his senses.Then, every collected smiley is worth one random weapon.Egg-hatched Miners come into Manic Whirled with 1 TNT.("Is that a TNT in your pocket, or are you pleased to see me?")Minimum Screen Size: 1600 x 1024Recommended Screen Size: 1920 x 1080Maximum Screen Size: cannot exceed the Map Pixel Size (4096 x 4096)You may notice, I haven't specified minimum hardware requirements. Apologies.Me is very, very software, but not at all hardware, so I dunno. Hopefully it helpsif I list my PC's specs ?-)Acer Predator G5900Intel Core i5 CPU 650 @ 3.2 GHz8GB DDR3 RAMNVIDIA GeForce GT 340Windows 10 64-bit x64DirectX 11If there's anything missing, please let me know where this information can befound on my machine, and I'll add it !-)----------------------------------Ooohh! There's An Editor ... Too!----------------------------------There are TWO STEPS to creating a map: defining the curvature (or zero if flat)of the landscape; and placing objects into the map.So, the FIRST step is to define the landscape shape. The landscape is shaped by aseries of parametric curves, which are defined by an even number of points. Thepoints can be moved by LMB on any of them (except the first and last points), butthey cannot change their order horizontally. Thus you cannot move a point left orright beyond the previous or next point (and a small space is always left betweenpoints). Points can be added or removed, whilst complying with a minimum andmaximum number of points. The two buttons at the right of the screen allow this.To add (two) points, press the "+" button, then LMB in the map, and they will beadded at positions using the two existing surrounding points` and the mouse`s.Or press "-" button and then LMB between two existing points to delete the pairof them. Curved landscapes can be made to be stepped by using the button atthe screen bottom-right, and to define a flat landscape, press the button again.At the centre of the screen lower are three sets of three slider bars, for definingthe grass, earth and water colours (RGB). For each of the three sets, there mustbe at least one element having a minimum value of fifty percent colour. At eitherside of these are the sky and earth texture selectors. Press these with either LMBor RMB to cycle through the available textures. Above each texture there are fourbuttons, for selecting scroll left/right and slow/fast. Above the earth you will findanother slider bar, for defining the water's height. The three slider bars above allof those are for defining the rainbow inner and outer radii and its strength. All ofthese controls can be turned on and off with the TAB key.At the screen top-left is the 'DONE' button. Pressing this will finalise the landscapeshape, and water height, and move you to the SECOND step - be aware this can'tbe undone. The second step is to define the level properties, and place objects intothe map. Thus, during the FIRST step, the disk button is used to load a previouslysaved map, and during the SECOND step, it is used to save the current editor map.The map name is defined at the screen lower, in the bar which is visible when theeditor controls are off (press TAB).At the screen top, there is a button showing the currently selected object type. Youcan point at this, and a drop-down bar appears allowing you to change objects. Anobject of the current type can be placed into the map at the mouse's location usingthe LMB, and you can delete the content of a map square via RMB. Whilst placingobjects in the map, you can press SPACE to get randomly-coloured objects of thecurrent type, when relevant. Pressing SHIFT will lock the edit cursor in the X or Y,whichever changes first by moving the mouse, so that you can "draw" horizontal/vertical straight lines.Right of the disk and object buttons, is the difficulty bar, for setting your map aseither easy, medium, or hard. Next is the number of jewels safely returned homethat is required to complete the level. Next are displayed counts of various typesof objects in the current map. On the Enlarge-O-Scope, you can press the buttonsand thus define the initial numbers of Miners, TNTs per Miner, and Ability Icons ofyour level (LMB = -1, RMB = +1).When you press the disk button after having defined the landscape shape, if no mapname has been entered, then its input bar is automatically activated. Also, if there'san invalid number of jewels required to complete the map (or not enough jewels init), then that input bar instead is activated. Otherwise, the map will be saved in:"STEAM/steamapps/common/ManicMiners/Maps"and thus can be easily shared with friends by copying a single file per map to this folder.----------------And ... Finally !----------------The history of the Tiny Miners (TM), which is about 15 years so far, on and off,can be found, and suggestions deposited, here ...https://www.facebook.com/MinersManic... or ...manic-miners@outlook.comAlso, please do message me at either of them concerning anything not workingcorrectly on your particular machine. Thank you to the few people whom havealready helped with one major, and a couple of minor, issues so far. Infiniteappreciations !-)"The only game where you can push your rocks, and toss your ... TNT ?-)""Groovy" !-)maddma productions"i can't behave ... me name's dave" !-)						