
							About This Content
							Stranded naked, dehydrated & starving in a vast desert, even the most seasoned ARK survivors must quickly find water, hunt for food, harvest, craft items, and build shelter to have any chance for survival. Use skills honed on ARK's faraway Island to kill, tame, breed, and ride the fantastical new creatures that have evolved to survive the Desert's ultra harsh conditions, including... DRAGONS! Travel back and forth between the Island and the Desert to team up with hundreds of players across both worlds or play locally!

EXPLORE A NEW WORLD
Scorched Earth takes ARK players to an entirely new land, composed of six unique, desert themed biomes – dunes, high desert, mountains, canyons, badlands and oasis – each with their own aesthetic and ecosystem. Littered with ruins, geysers, and intricate ancient cave systems, survivors will find a whole new frontier to explore and master.

TAME NEW CREATURES
The biomes of Scorched Earth are filled with dangerous new creatures, and the intrepid survivor will find that many of them can be tamed. Among others, lead a caravan of the camel-like Morellatops, or rain fire down upon your enemies from the back of an elemental Wyvern. Just mind your step, or you might attract a Death Worm!

CRAFT OVER 50 NEW ITEMS
Using what resources they can scrounge together, survivors can craft distinct new outfits and structures to beat the heat, and new tools to help them survive in this desolate environment. Players can use whips, boomerangs, flamethrowers, chainsaws, and much more to defend themselves, or such things as tents, wells, wind turbines, and oil refineries to provide their bases with resources. When used creatively, these tools can open up whole new strategies for survival, self defense or epic tribal warfare.

CONQUER NEW CHALLENGES
Prepare yourself for dangerous electrical storms, blinding sand storms, befuddling heat stroke, and unleash the power of the mysterious Obelisks to come face-to-face with the ARK’s deadliest boss creature to date – the ferocious Manticore! Does it protect a powerful weapon, a precious relic, or the mysteries of the ARK itself? Only survivors who posses the courage to confront this fearsome beast will learn the truth.

TRAVEL BETWEEN ARKS
Survivors can take their character, favorite creatures and items between the Island and the new Desert ARKs, making their Island-dwelling friends jealous with all of the amazing new items, structures, creatures and secrets they find in the Desert.						