
							About This Game
							Polish your cooking skills in real life while playing a game!?After receiving more than 1 million downloads for the wildly successful Burn Your Fat With Me! series, the new successor in innovative lifestyle games has been decided.Gochi-Show could be the first of its kind. Cook in real life to progress the game's story. It's innovative and fun! Cooking will never be the same again!*Caution:  This app contain English interfaces, subtitle and Japanese dub only. It doesn't support Japanese language.■No step left behind. Every recipe's cooking process is explained in detail.There are currently 3 main ways to learn cooking outside of family and friends. . Those are recipe websites, magazines and cookbooks, and cookingclasses. However many of these can be difficult for beginners.Gochi-Show hopes to make learning cooking both fun and engaging while being easy to understand.In other words, Gochi-Show is made so anyone can do it! Each recipe contains all the technique and know how necessary to succeed. It's almost like our friend, or family, or lover where there guiding you through each lesson, and that's what makes Gochi-Show unique.■A Fourth Way to Learn Cooking for a New Generation!Although many people learn cooking initially from their families, weare entering an age where cooking becomes less essential, and manypeople have stopped cooking altogether. As a result many people find trying to get back into or start cooking a daunting task. That is why we devised this 4th method of learning to cook which combines elements of games, story, and real life experience. Because we are in the age of endless information and convenience, Gochi-Show will be a fun way to learn and leave people wanting to know more.■Cook in real life to progress the story in the first app of its kind.High quality image resolution and well seasoned Japanese seiyuu perform colorful characters in the fully voiced 24 chapters totallying more than 3000 lines.■Get coached by your wonderful while they're by your side.From preparation to fun facts and techniques,learn it all while cooking side by side with in-game characters.This game aims to be a unique experience that also helps the players gain valuable life skills and possibly a new passion with Japanese cooking.With simple and easy to use interface packed full of ways to prepare food, 1 Point lessons, and information geared towards the players level, cooking will be seen in a whole new light!■From manly grub to elegant dishes, learn a variety of cooking with handsome boys and confidence!Even those who have never touched a fry pan can gain confidence in their cooking skills. Pulling from the Shufu no Tomo's collection of recipes (with plans to add more later) as well as many other authentic Japanese cookbooks and magazines we put together more than 35 lessons and over 40 mini-lessons (more will be added later) for you to enjoy. Collect Gochi-Show points and mini-lessons in order to become a master chef! You can be sure to impress your friends, family, and even that special someone with one of our many recipes.Improve your life through the delicious art of cooking!						