
							About This Game
							About the gameImmerse yourself in Oniris Basket VR, a game created for HTC Vive in which you can become a professional All Star player and participate in the famous Three-Point Contest. Enjoy playing basketball in the different, surrealistic scenarios and game modes. Have fun, train and compete to improve day by day.Key features:Physics and graphics specifically adapted for virtual reality. Play and move around the court with a complete sensation of immersion.The scenarios boast numerous details to create a unique climate in each of them. If you add the different type of basketballs and interactable objects, each game will become a new experience.Several different scenarios:“High School” Court“Salvador Dalí Dreams” Court“2050 worker” CourtVarious game modes:Training: Free training on the Salvador Dali Dreams court. Challenge yourself by scoring from different distances and positions. Learning and improving your technique for each one of them. Combo mode: You'll have to score the maximum number of consecutive baskets you can. The player’s position will change randomly and this will gradually increase the difficulty.Three-point contest: You will have one minute to score the maximum number of baskets you can. There will be five racks with five balls on each of them. Remember that Drusiball (the multicolor basketball) is worth double. GOOD LUCK!In constant developmentOniris Basket VR continues to develop. These are some of the features that we plan to introduce in the future:Online multiplayer: Challenge your friends in any game mode in the comfort of your own home.Global scores: Reach the top at the Basket VR ranking on its daily, weekly and historic leaderboards.Extreme combo mode: Play combo mode with new features: fireballs, giant hops, hidden secrets...Left and right-handed adapted gameplay.Improved interactions: new tricks and ways of interacting with the ball.Improved physics and graphics: we keep continuously working on the improvement of these characteristics.Multi language support: the game translated to your local language.Many surprises: ;)We are also opened to receive new ideas and any kind of feedback. If you have any suggestion you can send it to feedbackBasketVR@oniris-studios.com Thank you!						