
							About This Game
							Underworld Dungeon is a rogue-like action-adventure, in which you explore a ruined Greek dungeon hidden beneath the depths of the Underworld. As you dig deeper, ancient weapons and armour will be uncovered which you can combine to create more powerful gear. You will need all the items you can scavenge and craft to conquer this challenging dungeon; a dungeon that masks unspeakable horrors, mythical secrets and finally, the promise of a 'Lost One', whom awaits you at the end of it all.Inspired by games such as The Binding of Isaac, Dark Souls and Terraria, Underworld Dungeon aims to create a dark, procedurally generated world filled with item crafting, dungeon looting, many secrets and items to discover, as well as a challenging combat system which would require the player to use their wits and skills to confront each enemy and situation. Features:      Over 150 weapons, armour pieces and gear     Multiple brutal bosses for you to face on your journey     A semi-permament death system, allowing for new items to be unlocked for future playthroughs     A fully fledged crafting system, allowing for the most devastating of weapons     Full Steamworks support, with Achievements and Leaderboards included     Many secrets and NPC's to be discovered inside the dungeon Gameplay:	Combat in Underworld Dungeon will be challenging. You must use different weapons and abilities along with your own wits and skills to confront each room of enemies.    Stamina - Every action uses a varying amount of stamina such as swinging a sword or dashing. This means that you must use your stamina wisely and consider each action carefully to avoid being temporarily stunned with a depleted stamina bar.     Shield - Bringing your shield up will halt your stamina bar from recharging and slow you down. However, it will also block incoming damage from enemies with varying strengths. (ie. Iron Shield blocks 100% damage while a Wooden Shield blocks 80%)      Dash - Dashing allows you to rapidly move away from an enemy's attack but does not grant you invincibility. Thus, you must use it carefully as it takes away quite a lot of your stamina and leaves you vulnerable to an enemy afterwards.  Procedural Generation: The dungeon is randomly generated at the start of each run, with biomes, objects, enemies and secrets being different, providing a fresh and challenging experience each time. Items and resources are also randomly generated, allowing you to have a different build each run. On one run, you could be a warrior with a shield and a flaming axe, whilst on another, you could be a mage with teleportation and projectile weapons.						