
							About This Game
							      Alkimya is an action-adventure game based entirely on alchemy, that lets you create your own potions and use them as bombs, tonics and sword oils. Besides fighting against fearsome enemies and huge bosses, you will have to solve puzzles and transform your environment to become a true master alchemist!      Alkimya takes place in an abandoned land that once was the cradle of Alchemy, but has now been devastated by an old war. Test subjects from decades of experiments have escaped and made the region their lair. Seth is a young man who wakes up in an abandoned field, confused and with no memories, but some basic alchemy knowledge. He starts his journey to survive and recover his identity.      Pan is a mysterious homunculus. She finds Seth passed out, and feeling a special connection, decides to guide him through his journey. Together, they will explore the land of Isur, abandoned home of brilliant alchemists, facing mortal danger in an adventure that will test their friendship and their self-knowledge.- Make your own potion: Combine Air and Fire to create Lightning or change flasks to transform an explosion into a barrier- Choose your path: Decide the events of the past and affect the future of the world through your choices- Interactive environment: Through alchemy, raise the water level of a lake, cross a river by creating ice platforms, use the wind to move objects- Real time tactical combat: Each enemy has a better way to defeat it and elemental resistance/weakness- Alchemy puzzles: Solve challenging puzzles using potions, finding the right element, the right flask, and most important, using the wits- Co-op mode: Join the main story as Pan, a flying homunculus, to help in combat, solve puzzles and collect resources- Explore a new fresh fantasy world: Place of science, adventure and mystery. Home for homunculi, chimeras and master alchemists- Skill tree: Choose the kind of Alchemist you want to be. Potions? Combat? Bombs? Homunculi?- Upgrade your Gear: Improve stats and skills crafting new pieces of armorAlkimya is an Action-Adventure game with multiple regions. You will explore places like an abandoned city, an alchemy laboratory hidden in the woods, and a destroyed homunculus factory inside a volcano. Each region has many challenges, hidden secrets and a unique dungeon with an exciting boss battle waiting just for you!Isur Region MapAlchemists need ingredients to create potions and they can be found anywhere: dropped by animals, plants, rocks and destructible objects. There are many different types with a multitude of uses, and some are a lot harder to find than others.     Primary elements are the most special ingredients, giving elemental properties to a potion. They are usually found in living beings. Each element produces a potion's unique special effect, such as killing chance, burn, critical damage, etc.						