
							About This Game
							IMPORTANT NOTE: For all information regarding DLC and the "Pay-what-you-like" remuneration model, please read the information below!What the game is about:Honey Rose: UFE tells the story of Red, a young university student with dreams of making it big at the masked fighting tournament. She looks up to Big Blue, the current champion, and aims to meet her idol in the ring! However, she has a history of poor class attendance, and has repeatedly failed her latest classes. This year, she made a deal with her parents: she’d either graduate, or they’d change towns. Unfortunately, the masked fighting tournament also takes place for the first time in the very town Red lives in... making it her one and only chance to make her dream come true! Thankfully, that’s where you come in!With your guidance, she needs to balance her studies with her training so she can bring home both the champion's belt, and her graduation.  The game is a life-management simulation, presented as a visual novel, with beat'em-up elements.In short: some reading, a little fighting... and lots of planning!Features:    A visual novel based around choice and reactivity! See how events unfold based on your decisions... or lack of commitment!    A sizeable cast of characters to encounter in dynamic events, with individual subplots to pursue!    Fight for your dreams in the ring, or to get back your suit from dastardly thugs in the street!    Plan ahead to make the most of the 6 months you have left until graduation!    Bring home the champion's belt if you can, but make sure to ace your tests as well! Can you really do both?PricingThe game uses a "pay-what-you-liked" remuneration model."Pay-what-you-liked" is a system designed after "pay-what-you-want", except you choose to support the game *after* having played it for yourself, and determined its personal value based on your own experience. It is designed to offer each player the most choice possible in how, when and why when considering whether to support the game or not.Since Steam doesn't support "pay-what-you-liked" or "pay-what-you-want" remuneration systems, the DLC acts as a stand-in to offer multiple suggested tiers of support.IMPORTANT NOTE: buying DLC stands in for supporting the game at the value of the suggested tier. It will NOT enhance or change your ingame experience, you will not be getting additional content other players can't access, as the aim for this system is for the game to be the same for everyone: ie, its most complete state right off the bat! That also means the game is NOT F2P/P2W: there is NO in-game economy that allows you to pay for additional content. The game is fully available for free from the minute you start playing it!						