
							About This Software
							Bring your music productions to life in the best possible quality. Samplitude Music Studio Steam Edition provides you with a complete professional solution for recording, composing, mixing and mastering your music. New features New: Cinematic Soundscapes, exotic instrument collection New: Church Organ, virtual Italian organ New: Concert Grand, virtual grand piano New: Lead Synth, virtual synthesizer New: Jazz Drums, acoustic drum set New: Soundtrack Percussion, for grooves & rhythms New: Thousands of sounds  grooves from the genres of Jazz, Rock Pop, Movie scores, Latin and Ambient.Tutorials:Our introductory and tutorial videos can be found on our website in the Know-how section under online video tutorials. Artist interviews and background information in Magix audio blog.    Highlights  19 virtual instruments (pianos, guitars, synthesizers, drum machines) Multitrack recordings in 24-bit/96 kHz studio quality Notation help to display and print MIDI files  MIDI support: including MIDI Learn 64-bit & multi-core support, 32-bit floating point processing Interfaces: VST3, VST2, ASIO, ReWire, MTC, MC Timestretching and pitchshifting algorithms from zplane Virtual Instruments8 different drum machines Percussion, electronic sets, complete rock drums, jazz drums and BeatBox 2 help you create the right groove for rehearsing, jamming or creating new songs.4 virtual synthesizers Create catchy leads, cinematic sounds, abstract audio worlds, euphoric sequences, grating basslines and oscillating pads with the Lead Synth, DN-e1, Revolta and Cinematic Synth.A complete choir The new virtual choir includes female, male and mixed voices and can be used in combination with the church Organ and Concert Grand to create elegant melodies.Conduct three choirsOperate and play an original sampled choir. All voices for female, male and mixed choirs are available in different presets and you can choose from various types of room tone.Folk instrumentsThis great collection of traditional instruments is excellent for modern music production and improvising at the keyboard. The banjo, steel guitar, folk piano, percussion and folk bass instruments have been sampled and designed with great care.AccordionThe virtual accordion adds a light, French sound to chilled out beats and traditional songs. It's the ideal instrument for making background music different and interesting.Remix with the Vita Sampler This sampler's got the groove. Develop your own sounds from audio files. Drag  drop audio files into the sampler – cuts and pad assignments are made automatically. Additional highlightsMastering SuiteBalanced compression, precisely defined frequencies and the right volume, without affecting dynamics. The new Mastering Suite lets you create sounds for your music that are completely unique.Free appUse the free MAGIX Audio Remote app for starting and ending recording sessions in Samplitude Music Studio with your smartphone or tablet - even while you're at the piano or in the rehearsal room or sound booth.						