
							About This Content
							The shield around Earth has been eliminated, but humanity has been anything but idle. Furious that their attempts at diplomacy and goodwill were met with treachery and violence, Earth has turned to its most valuable asset: its people. From spies trained in espionage to soldiers ready to invade enemy planets, the galaxy is ready for a crusade.Discover your enemy’s weak points with espionage, actively invade and conquer planets, and watch talented citizens rise to power and drive your civilization into a golden age. With new races, a detailed civilization builder tool for Steam workshop, a new story-based campaign, and more, Crusade adds a host of depth for Galactic Civilizations III that players have been craving.Core Features:InvasionsConquering a world is no small task. The revamped invasion system in Crusade allows a citizen to be trained as a soldier in order to invade worlds. Strategic and challenging, invasions will require careful planning as you train your legions and determine which tile to attack first. Be careful not to forget to defend your own worlds from your enemies, too!EspionageSmaller civilizations can keep up with their larger counterparts by training their citizens in the art of espionage. Spies can steal technologies, circulate rumors to create civil unrest, sabotage enemy worlds, or even go so far as to assassinate enemy citizens to keep their edge above the competition. Galactic CitizensShape the course of your civilization’s destiny with talented individuals called citizens. Choose from over a dozen unique roles - admiral, engineer, celebrity, pioneer, and more - to help your civilizations flourish. Keep your citizen on their homeworld or send them off through dangerous interstellar travel in order to help the colonies on new worlds you’ve conquered.Civilization BuilderCreate a custom faction complete with leader, ideology, and abilities. You can also customize your own galactic navy and create unique conversation dialogue for your faction to use when it comes into contact with friends and enemies. The civilization builder is integrated into Steam Workshop so that you can upload your creation for other users to enjoy!New Races and CivilizationsMeet the members of the Terran Resistance, lurk deep within the bowels of the living rock of asteroids as the new Onyx Hive faction, or look down on other primitive races as the cybernetic space amoebas, the Slyne.Story Based CampaignThe humans have found a powerful “bane” artifact in a pocket universe and are tired of having their attempts at diplomacy rebuked. Vowing to wipe out the Drengin and all other enemies who oppose them, the citizens of Earth are ready to make good on their threat and potentially bring the Thalan prophecy to fruition....and more!Hire a slew of brand new mercenaries, build your own custom starbases, and stay on your toes and be ready to make important choices during new galactic and United Planet events. Enjoy a sleek new UI and explore the reworked tech tree system, which is now more accessible for modders.						