
							About This Software
							M A R V E L O U S       D E S I G N E R 6      F O R      S T E A MBringing the efficiency of fashion design to computer graphics. Marvelous Designer allows you to create beautiful 3D virtual clothing with our cutting-edge design software. Finally breathe life into your designs with tools that enhance quality while saving you time. From basic shirts to intricately pleated dresses and rugged uniforms,Marvelous Designer can virtually replicate fabric textures and physical properties to the last button, fold, and accessory. With our versatile compatibility with other 3D software and interactive design interface, you can instantaneously edit and drape garments onto 3D forms with high-fidelity simulation. S O F T W A R E      U P D A T E S *Please note those who have Marvelous Designer 6 personal for Steam must purchase a new version since upgrade isn't available with the application. Patches and minor updates are provided free of charge with a Steam Perpetual license.K E Y       F E A T U R E SAccurate with Highest QualityRather than spend countless days on manual sculpting, artists can now focus on the creative expressions. Natural wrinkles formed automatically by Marvelous Designer Effective & Efficient- Create one clothing to fit various body types.- Standardized highest quality result for every artist- Diverse transformation from one clothing asset- Easy simulation to create normal mapFast & EasyCreate natural wrinkles with simple pattern creation bringing faster workflow process. And it is easy to use even for beginners.Pattern Creation and EditingUsers can create and edit rectangular, circular, or any other polygon shaped patterns. Segment and Free SewingUsers can create and edit seam lines with in sewing directions and range.Arrangement Points and Bounding VolumeArrangement Points and Arrangement Bounding Volume are used for proper placement of patterns around the avatar. All pieces of pattern should be arranged in proper position around the avatar for the stable simulation.Fabric Physical PropertiesEnable precise simulation from the original fabric material. Physical Property section contains information about fabric behavior with several values that define material characteristics. Users can manually change physical property or simply select preset physical property which is already defined. Pin ManipulationUsers can manipulate multiple vertices/pins with Point/Box/Lasso tools. CompatibilityAcross modeling and animation, data between software including Maya, 3DS Max, Softimage, Modo and ZBrush can be imported/exported.Fast & Accurate clothing simulation with Animation Editor Users can load, edit and save 3D clothes file used in the animation record. The recorded animation can be imported/exported to 3DS Max or Maya as Maya Cache, Point Cache2, MDD Point Cache.						