
							About This Game
							DescriptionSolstice Chronicles: MIA is a twin stick shooter in which players control the difficulty by managing their threat level through special skills.Universe - the Red SolsticeThe Earth was overrun by STROL virus. What little was left of man kind colonized Mars, and established a society ruled by powerful corporations. But Mars isn't welcoming, and a violent storm threatens to tear the colonies apart. In a race against time, both the corporation and insurgents will stop at nothing to find the cure and reclaim the Earth. As the virus inevitably spreads through Tharsis colony, the players must fight the mutants, the storm and the odds to find the cure before it's too late.StoryIn a dead colony, a corporate marine is left far behind enemy lines. With an unlikely help of an insurgent drone, he faces the battle for survival against an army of murderous, mindless mutants... and worse things.ChallengeWe from Ironward want to take a different approach to twin-stick shooters. We learned that tactics can be great in our first game The Red Solstice, and we're trying to add a bit of that tactic into Solstice Chronicles: MIA, we feel that if players prepare themselves, the reward will be much more satisfying.Features Master fluid twin-stick combat to blast through waves of mutants on Mars. Use your drone's abilities tactically, weighing the risk and reward of decisions that drastically change the threat you face. Decide between scavenging for supplies and upgrades in the face of the oncoming menace, or pushing forward, potentially unprepared for the enemies still to come. Decimate the mutant onslaught with upgradeable weaponry, including shotguns, rocket launchers, and more, as well as special Heavy weapons, like the autocannon and flamethrower, which will obliterate everything in their path. Develop your own skill tree from across four classes--Assault, Demolition, Hellfire, and Terminator--to become the ultimate instrument of destruction.						