
							About This Game
							Water Heroes: A Game for Change is an awesometastic puzzle game adventure about water! Oh, and 50% of its profits are donated to charity!Play with Water and the elements! Use Cold, Heat, Ice, Steam and much more. In Water Heroes, your job is to drag cute pieces over each other to create reactions based on physics and chemistry. Everyone can do it! Deal with oil pollution, icebergs and waterfalls too! The goal is to collect fresh, drinkable, clear water while scoring as many points as possible. It's educational and fun!The best part? We donate 50% of our revenue to ClearWater, a charitable social project that gives clean water to the indigenous people of industry-polluted Amazon. Play this game and save lives in Ecuador!ClearWater was founded by Trudie Styler, Mitch Anderson and Rea Garvey, musician and singer for the band Reamonn. The project also has the support of the Leonardo DiCaprio Foundation and the Rainforest Foundation. It's a fantastic team that supports nature and human dignity. And we're all helping!Features● Tons of different pieces to play with! Water, Oxygen, Hydrogen, Heat, Cold, Ice, Steam, Oily Water, Plants, Carbon Dioxide and more surprises!● Lots of unique piece matchings! Heat and Cold explosions! Blocker pieces! Grid shuffles! Oil propagation... (brrrr :s)● A rewarding experience! You can earn up to 3 stars in each level. Mastering these will earn you awesome unlockables!● Challenging puzzle levels to test your game skills!● An amazing soundtrack, composed with love. ;)● Simple to learn, hard to master gameplay. Accessible to all, but a challenge for veterans and completionists.● Funny cutscenes to get to know the story and our charming characters. Help Aurora and Pingo in their surprising journey through the river!● Game text in English, German and Portuguese.About usWe are Insignio Labs, an indie video game development team from Portugal that brought you Flute Master and Rhythmic Village, two awesome games for music education. Our motto is "change the world by gaming" and Water Heroes fits this vision very well. We created it as part of our honest commitment with humanity: developing great video games and making the world a better place.Contribute and... change the world by gaming! ;)						