
							About This Content
							Adventure #1 of 4 adventures in the original PDFby Oscar RiosWhen Mr. Tuttle went into the storage room several days later, he saw a stack of papers piled beside the typewriter. Curious, he went to the stack and began reading. They were stories: stories of places near and far, stories of long ago and of the distant future. They were stories of struggles against unnamable things and the heroes who defended mankind against them. They were tales of death and darkness.Who could have written such things? The door was locked and he had the only key. He wondered if someone could have gotten in. In the room beside the unused one, a family was on holiday with their son. That afternoon, Mr. Tuttle asked the boy if he had seen anyone going into the room. The boy replied that he hadn’t and asked him if something was the matter?“Well,” answered Mr. Tuttle, “it seems someone was using the typewriter in that room and they left a stack of stories.”The boy smiled and asked, “Are they scary stories?”Mr. Tuttle was taken aback. “Why, yes they are. How did you know that?”The boy answered, “If they’re scary stories, then the mice wrote them, the white mice in the walls. They have lots of stories to tell. Usually they’re the scary kind“.Mr. Tuttle was a native of Kingsport, and had lived there all his life. He believed the young boy.The White Mice In the Walls, the creative team that brought you "Ripples from Carcosa", proudly presents "Tales of Death and Darkness: The Devil is in the Details". A multi-session 1920's scenario that will challenge your investigators as they encounter the forces of the mythos. Pre-Gen characters are provided, but need not be used.Wherein the investigators learn that small mistakes can become bigger ones and the only thing more dangerous than too much knowledge is too little. This scenario takes place during winter, at an old deserted mansion in the Catskill Mountains of New York State.This menacing Call of Cthulhu scenario includes:    6 pre generated characters, including portraits, in Fantasy Grounds format ready to import into your campaign!    10 graphical handouts with text equivalents.    Made for Fantasy Grounds maps of the deserted mansion where the adventure takes place.    Linked and cross-referenced Fantasy Grounds entries to aid keeper navigation and reference.Requires: A Fantasy Grounds full or ultimate license or an active subscription and the Call of Cthulhu ruleset.Conversion by: Martin Blake						