
							About This Game
							Scary Humans is a procedural survival game that will challenge your nerves and skills. Greenlit by the Steam community in less than a month, Scary Humans throw ourselves back to the classic 80s games: crazy hard levels that will take you to where you started if you fail. Will you be able to accept the challenge of getting, not only through the first one but through all 6 different levels and make it to the end? The higher the level you are in, the harder it will get. We are not responsible for the tons of hours you will be spending on overcoming the game’s challenges…Meet Mrgrt, a little alien coming from Flrws planet (vocals don’t exist there). On a routine expedition with his crew, he had been captured and isolated in a cryogenic vessel. The alien has become a lab rat for scary, shifty humans! But one day, a Friday 13th virus attack opened the vessel and the alien escaped. The alarms were triggered, the humans started chasing the alien and now he has to find a way out. Will you be able to help him?Key features Labyrinths and levels, procedurally generated. Every game will be completely different and with a new challenge each time. High difficulty levels. Once you fail, you will go back to were you started. Awaken all your senses to be 100% alert on the game and escape! 3 kinds of humans: runners (when they speed up, watch out!), chubbies (harder to dodge) and regulars (they are tirelessly chasing you), all dressed in their isolator suits. 6 challenging but addictive levels. The further you go, the smarter and faster the humans will be... 2 boosters to get rid of the humans who run after you: energy bombs and disturbing shouts. Cards of different colors to open the doors of the room  Originally composed soundtrack, made specifically for the game. Set on the classical horror and sci-fi films from the 80s, including synthesizers and catchy rythms. A timer that will keep track of the time you’re playing  Easy game tutorial to show you how to play  A retro sytle that will win you over from the first time you play. Lots of hours of fun and horror!Don’t wait any longer and make those scary humans pay for what they did to you! Enjoy Scary Humans for as many times as you wish! Each time you play will be different, thanks to our procedural programming that avoids repetitiveness. Experience the tension of being chased and beat your score. The higher you level up, the more challenging it gets: humans won’t forgive and will be tougher each time! Humans have never been as terrifying as they are now. Run away NOW! 						