
							About This Game
							+++  The new CRAZY CHICKEN game is waiting for you! Play against other players on PC, iOS and Android (Google/Amazon).  +++Action-packed artillery game featuring CRAZY CHICKEN at its best!Finally, "CRAZY CHICKEN" strikes back! Get set, aim, fire... and never neglect your own cover. Fight against the AI, your friends ... or your enemies! Pure CRAZY CHICKEN action!The StoryCRAZY CHICKEN returns to its Scottish residence only to find that an unpleasant Clan Chief has made himself at home there in its absence. This shady character has abducted a maiden, and CRAZY CHICKEN begins its adventurous quest to rescue her. A battle for territory and castles begins - and for the fair maiden, of course!The game features an extensive single-player campaign, as well as several multiplayer options - for all gamers who enjoy competing with real-life opponents as well.Cross-PlattformAll multiplayer modes support cross-platform gaming, allowing you to challenge and take loot from your friends on different devices and platforms, including PC, iOS and Android.Single-PlayerFit out the seat of your clan to build a mighty and prestigious fortress, and upgrade it continuously with better weapons and defense facilities. Pursue the evil Clan Chief from one battle to another, and grow stronger and more powerful. You start out with a small shack, but you will soon be able to improve and expand each element of your residence. Eventually, you will become the lord of an extensive castle, able to withstand heavier attacks.Live-MultiplayerPlay fast, action-packed live duels against your friends or random opponents from all around the world. Just agree on a password, and you are ready to play - across different devices and platforms. It's simple and completely problem-free.LootingCatch your opponents off-guard by attacking and stealing from them whenever you want.CommunityWith more than 15 million copies sold, CRAZY CHICKEN (AKA Moorhuhn) is the best-known and most successful German game character. With "CRAZY CHICKEN strikes back", the Chicken opens a new chapter and hits the charts once again. Join the large CRAZY CHICKEN community! Follow us on Facebook.CRAZY CHICKEN speaks English, French, Italian, German, Dutch, Spanish, Portuguese, Brazilian Portuguese, Japanese, Polish, Russian, Greek and Turkish.						