
							About This Content
							Los Angeles is a major hub for air travel in the United States. Not only are there several major airports in the area, but there is a large general aviation presence as well. Additionally, there are more helipads in Los Angeles than in any other city. Every day, numerous helicopter and light aircraft flights are made around the city every day in addition to major airline traffic. Sightseeing flights are incredibly popular with tourists, as they are ideal for experiencing stunning aerial views from coastline to the mountains.US Cities X: Los Angeles for FSX: Steam Edition, developed by Limesim, is jam-packed with realistic and detailed textures and mesh terrain. Based on extensive aerial images, all major buildings, landmarks, airports and heliports within the scenery area are faithfully recreated – for the LA area, there are 150 helipads alone! Please note that this pack only includes one season and no night textures. US Cities X Los Angeles includes a configuration tool which can be accessed via the Steam Tools menu.Features:	Detailed 3D renderings of the 3 city centres covered by more than 5,000 major buildings including downtown Los Angeles, Long Beach, and Irvine/Santa Ana 	Aerial image coverage with up to 30cm/pixel resolution 	Major airports in and around the city are covered with high res ground images with customized mesh terrain including: Los Angeles Int’l (KLAX), Burbank Bob Hope (KBUR), John Wayne Orange Co. (KSNA), Long Beach (KLGB), Van Nuys (KVNY), Catalina "Airport in the Sky" (KAVX - features new building structures), Santa Monica Municipal (KSMO) and many more! 	Full rendering of Catalina Island featuring detailed scenery of the “Airport in the Sky” with sloped runway. Catalina Island also includes a helipad	More than 1,000 major buildings and 454,000 accurately placed autogen objects 	Highly detailed and customized mesh terrain 	150 helipads, including well-known ones such as US Bank (the world’s highest rooftop helipad), LAPD Hooper Heliport (largest rooftop heliport in the world), Queen Mary Heliport, Catalina Air-Sea Terminal Heliport, and Catalina Island Pebbly Beach Seaplane Base and Heliport	Sound effects include downtown and highway traffic, plus animated gulls 	Animated ships and boats between LA Port and Catalina Island 	Traffic on most major roads 	Includes a Scenery Density Tool accessible via the Tools section of your Steam Library which enables you to customize the level of detail for this pack. 						