
							About This Game
							FILE 9 built by Alfred Cypress is one of the sub training areas housing several simulations, each designed with their own unique features. Using everything from stealth, weapons, searching, and sometimes strategy to achieve your objectives, your reflexes and ability to stay calm will be tested under pressure but with patience and focus you can achieve success!Alfred Cypress has several locations around the world that are always in danger of a security breach or being hacked into. This is due to what he has invented with energy sources as well as what he was currently working on. Because of these constant threats he has created facilities away from the main training underground facility and hangars, which are sub training areas. This particular area is known as FILE 9. Here, there are multiple programs which include ‘Transport Tunnel’, ‘Infiltrate and Destroy’, `Drone Evasion’ and others. Each has specific event possibilities in order to help be prepared and also be able to overcome possible threats when needed. Lorna, learning of her actual grandfather and of his recent disappearing, which comes as news of a huge level to her with the fact she has never known about him with her being adopted and not really knowing anything about her family. With the events that have followed since she has learned of this, she now knows she needs to take advantage of training as much as possible. With her being of the Cypress bloodline she is able to access FILE 9 and utilize each of these areas to be prepared. Currently within sub training area FILE 9, there are simulations that are up and running with more coming on line as completed. Each area does have its own unique features and will require skill to achieve the objectives and complete.  Additionally we are working on adding more achievements and also will be adding trading cards. We do also plan to add support for Oculus Rift, which will be coming soon.Game Play Features,  Within FILE 9:Multiple areas to encounter.Active VR Combat will be used within certain simulations.Maintaining endurance is essential to achieving goals.Stealth will be a huge asset within at least two more of the simulations that are coming on line in the near future.Enemy Drones will be encountered and have to be avoided and in some cases destroyed.We will be featuring more back story segments within FILE 9 as well on the  Cypress Inheritance website, on the Official FILE 9 page:  https://cypressinheritance.com/file-9/						