
							About This Game
							Doodle God Has Gone Old School!
All NEW Pixel Graphics & NEW 8-bit Soundtrack.

Every Element & Reaction Have Been Beautifully Redrawn!
If You Loved 80’s Retro Games You Will Love Doodle God: 8-bit Mania!

Over 175 Million Players Worldwide
Available in 13 Languages

DOODLE GOD JUST GOT PIXELATED!

Go back to the 80s in this addictive, ALL ages, puzzle world building game. Mix and match different element combinations to build the universe of your dreams. The entire game has been beautifully redrawn in pixel graphics with an awesome new 8-bit soundtrack that takes you back to the very beginning of video games.
Of course the universe was not created in a day. You’ll have to work your up from a simple microorganism to create animals, tools, storms and even build armies before you have what it takes to build the universe! But beware, the power of creation may have unintended consequences, inventing the wheel might just trigger a zombie plague… Don’t worry, you are not alone on this cosmic journey! Every time you successfully create a new item you’ll be rewarded with the wit and wisdom of some of the greatest philosophers and comedians of all time. Unleash your inner god with Doodle God™!
The World’s Best Puzzle Game Just Got Pixelated!

NEW GAMEPLAY FEATURES
- Available in 13 languages: English, Dutch, French, Spanish, Italian, Russian, Japanese, Chinese, Korean, Portuguese, Polish, Swedish and German.
- NEW Pixel Graphics!
- NEW 8-bit Sound track!
- Mold fire, wind, earth and air to create the Universe.
- Intuitive one-click game play encourages thoughtful, creative play
- Hundreds of interesting, funny and thought-provoking quotes and sayings.
- New achievements.

CRITICS LOVE IT!
> Apple REWIND AWARD
> “Wonderfully unique concept. Deeply satisfying!” – GameZebo
> “Giving it huge thumbs up!" - TUAW
> “It’s addictive. Insanely so! Lots of fun.” – 148Apps
> “Discovering each new element was an utter delight." - AppSafari
> "You'll have to use your creativity…ruthlessly addictive." - Slide2Play
> "I would recommend buying it, definitely worth it!” - TouchGen						