
							About This Game
							After the great storm, the crystals used by the mages to protect the world shattered and were lost.  The Sacred Grove now lies empty.  You answer their call for help - your quest; to find and restore the crystals before the next storm arrives.  It soon becomes clear however, that all is not quite as simple as it first seems.RuneSage is an immersive open world Virtual Reality RPG Adventure game for the HTC Vive or Oculus Rift & Touch.  As a sage from humble beginnings, you'll search the land for nature's runes of power, then use them to cast spells to solve puzzles that aid you on your quest.  Explore mazes in a forest teaming with wildlife, sail across lakes to reach distant shores, delve into dark and ancient caves, and search the ruined castle and its dungeons while menacing vultures circle overhead. Find the scrolls of knowledge, recover the lost crystals and protect the world from the gathering storm.At the heart of RuneSage are runes and spells.    Runes echo the forces of nature; wind, water, fire etc and you'll discover their forms as you explore the world.Spells channel the power of the runes into physical form - for example, draw the shape of a wind rune, then cast it to create a gentle breeze.  The power of runes can also be combined - for example, draw a wind rune followed by a water rune, then cast it to blow water in a powerful jet.Use your knowledge and wisdom of the natural world to investigate your surroundings, discovering new combinations of runes to solve puzzles to aid you on your quest to find the missing crystals and save the world.RuneSage is designed from the ground up for Virtual Reality with full support for both the HTC Vive and Oculus Rift & Oculus Touch.Movement.  RuneSage supports a wide range of locomotion styles.  For small distances, explore your surroundings in room-scale VR.  Over larger distances simply select which style you prefer from the main menu, configure it how you like it, and off you go!Teleport (2 variants - left or right handed).  Press down the trackpad/thumbstick on the controller to activate a magical beam, point it in the direction you want to go, and release to move there in a blink.Dash Teleport (2 variants - left or right handed).  Press down the trackpad/thumbstick on the controller to activate a magical beam, point it in the direction you want to go, and release to move there in a straight line.  Fully configurable speed / time for the journey.Trackpad/Thumbstick (12 variants).Activate by pressing down the trackpad / thumbstick, or by just touching it.Activate set by the left hand or right hand.Direction of travel set by Headset, left hand or right hand.  In each variant, touching / pressing / moving the trackpad / thumbstick forwards moves you in the configured direction.  Touching / pressing / moving left/right strafes, and the bottom/backwards moves you backwards.  The distance from the centre the trackpad is touched / thumbstick is moved determines the speed.  Fully configurable maximum speed.  To climb up / over objects, press down the trackpad/thumbstick controller to teleport.Armswing.  Press the trackpad/thumbstick on the non-wand controller to activate then jog on the spot to move in the direction you're facing.  The faster you swing your arms, the faster you travel.  Fully configurable maximum speed.  To climb up / over objects, press the trackpad/thumbstick on the wand controller to teleport.Rotation. For those playing in a smaller space, or even seated-play, RuneSage supports a number of methods of rotation so you can explore in all directions.Free rotate.  Press the grip button on either controller to artificially rotate the view in the game world by rotating the controllers.  When finished, just release the grip button to continue.Walkabout. Press the grip button on either controller to "freeze" the gameworld in place - you can then turn around in the real world and continue walking in the same direction in the game world.  When finished, just release the grip button to continue.Roomscale.  Disables rotation when pressing the grip button on either controller - turn around in the game world by turning around in the real world!Rune Shapes.  Draw runes with your hands; press the rear trigger button to start drawing, trace the outline of the rune's shape, then release the trigger to finish.Spell Casting.  Cast spells with your hands; after drawing one or more runes, press the rear trigger button to start casting, move the controller away from your body, then release the trigger to finish.  For projectile spells, the way you "throw" the spell when casting, determines its speed and direction.Options Menu.  Press the menu button on either controller to toggle the options menu.						