
							About This Game
							Lonelyland is a sandbox survival VR game, and now you can play without VR device. The game style design considered VR feature, so you can sit down and play for a long time, still feel comfortable, and not easy get tired even with a headset.Aliens manipulated plants on the earth and destroyed our civilization. In order to survive, you have to collect, build, hunt or fight. In this game you’ll have a special post-apocalyptic survival experience in a class of its own.Something you should know before play this game1. Freely locomotion is still not available yet. 2. You can get the detail control information both of VR mode and PC mode in tutorial and this manual: http://store.steampowered.com/manual/5426203. Though a tutorial is added recently, but this guide is still helpful:http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=800487600Implemented Features1. Combat System1. Nearly 20 kinds of creeps, you can get vary trophies from them to create a lot of things.2. Weapons now are pistol, revolver, rifle, crossbow, shotgun, mp5, sniper rifle. Be sides, there’re lots of clothes to choose. We’ll add melee weapons soon.3. If you hit the blind side the creep exposing to you (the chance is relate to player’s perception value), you won’t get hurt.4. Besides blind side, you'd better try to hit creep's vital part. Especially when you hit creep’s eyes when in sneaking status (the sneaking status lasting time relate to player’s hide value), the damage is pretty awesome.5.Cripple the creeps by shoot their legs, it’ll slow them down and make them weak.6. If you have higher sneak value, the creep will take longer to discover you. 7. If you have higher perception value, it’ll be easier for you to find the creep’s blind side.8. Bullet time system, it happens every time the fight begin or when you hurt badly. It’s an excellent time to hit creeps’ vital part and blind sides, and the reloading speed is much quicker too.9. There’re about two kinds of fight style: with high sneak value and hurt the creep badly in distance if you’re a good shooter; or with high perception value and fight against the creep face to face, but you'd better put on good armor.10. Some creeps can attack at a wide range, hit their missiles before they hit you. 2. Weather System, Time System and Season System 1. There’re sunny, rain, snow, fog and hail 5 kinds of weather in this game. You’d better take care of your currently sanity and warmth.2. Daytime, dusk and night 3 stage in time system, some creeps behaviors different in these stages. And at night, you’d better light a fire or something like that. It’ll help you keep away from danger and find out something can’t see in daytime.3. And there’re about 4 seasons in this game, and the change is huge. 3. Build System, Cooking System and Planting System 1. There’re things you can use to create things, such as wood fiber, resin (plastic), tinder, iron, lead, Ti, crystal, chips, oil, battery, salt and so on. 2. You can use the 3D printer to create pan, microwave oven, lamp, glass garden, weapons and so on.3. Use a sewing machine to craft about 10 clothes each with its own characteristics.4. Use pan or microwave oven to cook over 20 kinds of food. Things you can use to cook are starch, vegetable, meat, egg, sugar, salt, oil, battery and so on. To vary your diet makes you feel good.5. You can use glass garden to plant several different plantings, efficiently provide different resources.4. Terrain System We have forest, prairie, town, city, snow land, desert, alien infected zone and dead zone and so on, use the way of roguelike to generate. And so are the belongings of these scenes. Terrain may influence player's attributes.Unique ExperiencesWhat destroyed the world are plantings, and what behind them are the aliens. So we add some dangerous planting. Such as bomb tree (hurt you when it explode), rafflesia (makes your feel sick), cicuta (hurt you if you stay with it too long), datura (make you sleepy), Chomper (attack you from any where), creeps infected by plantings (much dangerous than before).In survival aspect, we reference lots of documents, ensure player can experience some special survival skills. Here’re the differences:1. Use 3d printer to create weapons and other stuffs. 2. Use sewing machine to create clothes. 3. Creeps can be infected by plantings in summer, be careful. 4. Egg is a good thing, but it’s dangerous to steal an egg from dodo. 5. Boar may eat shit, don’t rob it from a boar, or it’ll get angry. 6. Find batteries from vehicles or create them with lead.7. Three ways to get electric energy (wind, solar and generator). 8. Charge the fridge and make food not easy go bad.9. Create greenhouse for plantings.10. Use bathtub to generate more fertilizer after rain. 11. Work for our dear friends apes, they may give you good stuffs.12. Defuse the missile to get tinder, be careful, not success every time. 13. Fetch elf fire at night in the dead zone. 14. Find crystal at night in the desert. 15. Eat different food will make you feel good, or you will feel bad. 16. Play VR glasses in our VR games. 17. Collect and play different toys will make you feel better. 18. Call back satellite from the sky to get good stuff for crafting. 19. How the poisonous mushrooms looks like? 20. There’re lots of money and gold in the bank. 21. From the army destroyed by plantings you may find weapons. 22. Search different buildings will gain different resources. 23. Use battery to get oil from oil station. 24. 3D printer may need iron powder, you have to use grinder to make some. 25. Some cities destroyed by planting totally. 26. Collect resin as plastics. 27. There’s a very high building, if you fear of heights, better not going.We’ll add more gameplay in the future, thank you for your support.						