
							About This Game
							ARC Continuum is an action/adventure game set on a new sci-fi world rich with ancient history that has been violently occupied by the vicious alien Kasaar race. You take on the role of Hadrian, a regular Taraanian, who is trying to get by until a mysterious time traveler sets in motion a series of events that will change his life, and the planet's future forever.

Granted the ARC, a device of near godlike power, you gain control over time itself, granting you fantastical powers to slow, rewind or manipulate the flow of time. Alter the fabric of time and summon other versions of yourself from different timelines for multiplayer cooperative fights. Wield these powers against the Kasaar, the brutal conquerors who have enslaved your home world of Taraan.

The core game play of ARC Continuum revolves around using the ARC and its various powers to complete puzzles, overcome platforming and fight the many forces of the Kasaar.

The ARC functions as both a conduit for time powers and a powerful weapon. There are multiple different powers that are designed to work well with other powers, with certain weapon types or against specific enemies. The Tank is a slow and heavily armored enemy, but his shotgun is very effective at close range and will make short work of you if are near. Using your time Slow power on the Tank turns his pace to a standstill, allowing you to put distance between yourself and his shotgun blasts.

The world of ARC Continuum is built around an ancient civilization that has been lost to time. Throughout the game you must use your powers in creative ways to solve many puzzles and challenges during your journey.

Puzzles are not the only thing you must overcome — your home planet of Taraan is under the strict occupation of the Kasaar: a warlike race that travels the galaxy looking for worlds to conquer and technology to claim. They seek the power of the ARC and have deployed some of their deadliest troops to acquire it at all costs.

In ARC Continuum, parts of the Taraanian world are in time flux. These localized disturbances are the results of the experimentation in time technology. With the disruption in time, you have the opportunity to jump to alternate timelines where you can request help from other versions of yourself and complete cooperative multiplayer time objectives.

ARC Continuum is set on the ancient planet of Taraan, a world whose history is steeped in science, prosperity, betrayal and darkness. Long before recorded Taraan history, the people of Taraan lived in the ignorance of the planet’s power. However, one amongst them discovered the uniqueness of the planet: a raw and powerful energy that could tame the chaos of time. From this discovery, the ARC was created, a device capable of controlling the rhythm of life itself. With this power, a civilization flourished for centuries and disappeared without reason. Modern day Taraanians know little of this history but stories have been preserved in myths and legends, unaware that their cities are built on the very location where their past once flourished.						