
							About This Game
							We are still in development. Please read the Early Access description above before purchasing. Thank you!Tyto Online is a MMORPG where you play as an evacuee from the now uninhabitable Earth. You’re settling on the planet Ovo to study at Tyto Academy as you establish your new life. Explore and complete quests while learning real science concepts. These are designed to be appropriate for 9 years old and up.Right now, we have mainly content around ecology (aligned with middle and high school science standards) and will be completing the Ecology Module when we get the create-your-own ecosystem sandbox into Tyto Online. We'll continue to add features and content along with our early access users in a true co-development fashion, based on your close input and conversations. Our target is to have 3 complete modules with sandbox and emergent gameplay features, and a very smooth experience overall, before we leave early access. As we continue, our long-term goal is to have a massive MMORPG where you can learn across many subject areas as you play for years.CURRENT GAME FEATURESCustomizable CharacterCustomizable Apartment with furniture and decor kits40+ Quests3 Espeth City Zones: Espeth Park, Student District, Civics District5 Biodomes from Earth: Mojave Desert, Great Plains Grassland, Amazon Rainforest, Himalayan Forest, Alaskan TundraCreate-your-own ecosystem biodome simulationFull branching dialogue with quests (voice acting in progress, some implemented)Pets that follow you aroundLeveling systemCustom composed musicPlease note that we currently have 3+ hours of gameplay content.  We are active in development and have many ways to co-develop with our Early Access users (see the descriptions above).  We plan on new updates every week that include additional features and/or content. More sandbox and emergent elements with replayable components will be added within the coming months.FUTURE PLANNED GAME FEATURES*Many more quests, customization options, furniture, decor, etc.Clubs (a more open version of guilds)Paint your own clothing and furniturePlayer economy -- ability to sell your creations, start learning about entrepreneurship as you rent carts/shopsAdditional modules of content -- next planned right now is heredityAchievements and TitlesWater Balloon Roller Derby Capture-the-Flag PvP ArenaAdditional crafting and sustainable resource gatheringExpanded Level system with level-by-doing per content area/ModuleUpgrade your apartment, move around to new areas!* Please note this is not a commitment that these will happen, pending on resources, gameplay feedback, or other factors.THE LOREIt is 2142, and Earth is no longer home to humans. You’ve been evacuated alongside countless others, and have spent the past four years traveling through space. Your destination: the planet Ovo, where you’ll begin a new life. Ovo is home to many strange and wonderful plants and animals, as well as hundreds of humans who made the journey before you. Tyto Academy, the most prestigious school in the galaxy, has accepted you as a student. Spend your days exploring and performing experiments in the Ovonian jungle, and decorating your very own, private apartment. Care for the last of Earth’s native plants and animals in the biodome facility. Quest by yourself or with friends online, and learn real scientific concepts as you play. Who knows? Perhaps your collective efforts may one day restore the Earth!						