
							About This Game
							Stop the creeps in this nostalgic action roguelite!Halloween night. A sleepy town called Creekside. A mysterious whirring jolts you from your sugar coma. As you peer out the window, wiping the sleep from your eyes, you question your sanity: Hordes of Creeps assemble around ominous antennas! Where are the cops?! Where are the adults?! Is no one going to stop this?! It turns out that the nefarious Dr. Apollyon opened a portal to the Bottomless Pit. It’s going to be up to you to stop Dr. Apollyon before he takes over the world! But first, save Creekside so we can all get back to trick-or-treating!You play as a reluctant, middle-school hero named Squirt who awakens on Halloween to discover his town overrun by Creeps. Squirt’s weapons of warfare are randomized guns and costumes with unique abilities. Squirt’s gun has randomized attributes; deplete Squirt’s ammo, and Squirt will automatically switch to another randomized gun. Collect upgrade tokens to permanently unlock new ammo types. Roguelite means lots of deaths, but store upgrades, ammo unlocks, costume unlocks and money carryover. Five distinct zones make up Creekside; complete objectives to advance to the next zone.Creekside Creep Invasion garners inspiration from the gameplay of Binding of Isaac and Nuclear Throne; the contemporary sub/urban setting of old school games like  TMNT arcade, Zombies Ate My Neighbors, and River City Ransom; and a dash of the whimsy of EarthBound mixed in.Features include:+ Contemporary(80's) small town on Halloween night setting+ Randomized guns with many unique ammo types that transform when you reload+ Upgradeable stats and power-ups+ Armor items that give you perks or impairments+ Costumes with unique passive and activated abilities + Handcrafted; procedurally generated levels (Rooms are handcrafted and connected procedurally to create levels.)+ Permanent unlocks and store upgrades+ Many enemy types+ Lots of surprises and secrets+ 60 fps+ Controller / keyboard & mouse support						