
							About This Content
							An elderly cat, owner of Bonta’s legendary magic shop, Kerub captivates adventurers with his extraordinary youthful adventures. Are all of them true? No one really knows. For Kerub is as wise as he is unpredictable. Quite spunky for an old cat, when Kerub is with Joris and Lilotte, he has the spring of a young kitten. In order to cross your journey, Kerubim pack offers all that you need for a good start.Kirubim Pack allows you to get your journey off to a good start. This pack includes the following items:- 7 DAYS OF DOFUS SUBSCRIPTION: Enjoy all DOFUS has to offer for a week- RATCHAM PET:Ratchams are often mistaken for rats, due to their tail, long ears and lack of bodily hair. But if you adopt one, you'll soon find out how little this pawed predator has in common with a rodent. As cuddly as they come, it'll lick your face, and you'll discover that no, Ratchams are not completely lacking in hair. They feed off Ecaflee souls living in the Ecaflipus dimension, their favourite area.- LUMINO SIDEKICK (HEALING):If you take it upon yourself to restore lost harmony and re-establish order in the Krosmoz, you'd better hope you've got the charisma to pull it off! Leader of the Multimen, Lumino is always there to care for his brothers and allies whenever they get a booboo. Defender of all who are weak, oppressed and in need, he's as bright and lively as he is generous. In fact, the only thing wrong with Lumino, the only dark stain on his dazzling character sketch, is his brother Shadow...This item allows you to summon Lumino, a Sidekick that will fight by your side during battle. He will heal you but can also prevent damage. A choice ally for those who prefer to head straight into mêlée!  - BITTER SHIGEKAX:Rediscover the flavour of bygone days with this traditionally made candy, which will increase Wisdom (EXP.) by 100 points for 30 fights.- MOVIE SET MYSTERY BOX: You dream of Kriss Krass or Bakara... Khan Karkass / Bakara are already an idol of yours... So this Gobbowl Mystery Box must have been made for you! At the very least you’ll get a superstar’s outfit out of it, and perhaps even all five*! The goodies contained within are:- GREENENGOL SET- BIGOKS SET- REDROZ SET- PAMUS SET- ZALBLAKS SET- MONARCH SET- RANDO GETA- JORIS SET- MARLINE SETJackpot: you have a chance to win ALL SETS. Yes, you heard it ... all sets can be yours! IMPORTANT: To redeem your mystery box, please click here : http://www.dofus.com/en/mmorpg/community/codes						