
							About This Game
							Crypt Cards is a 3D online multiplayer strategy card game with turn based battles.Select from three different minion masters, each with his own set of spells and minions. Build your deck from the large card collection and battle your friends and foes or the computer AI. Do you lack a card you want in your deck? Then there is an easy solution: craft a totally new card with the stats and attributes you want!Features:* 3D online multiplayer strategy card game with real-time turn based battles. * Cross-platform: works on Windows/Mac/Linux/Android so you can use the same account and decks on both your computer and your mobile devices. * Craft and upgrade your own unique cards with thousands of combinations. * Create your own look and feel with custom card skins. * In-game market where you can buy and sell custom skins. * Solo campaign: Battle in the Skeletons, Zombies and Demons adventures. * Casual versus mode: Play against random opponents just for the fun. * Ranked versus mode: Play to increase your standing on the ranking ladder. * Three different Masters to choose from each with his own set of minions and spells. * Create your own decks from the big card collection and your own crafted cards. * Original soundtrack * Strong community-influenced development.The game is developed by a small Indie team from different parts of the world. The goal for the project is to create a fun and interesting game with a strong connection to our community. We want to create the best game possible where the community is involved in shaping the game and we will keep pushing new features and improvements. In the same spirit we also want our users to be able to customize the look and feel of the game by creating their own card skins. If you think a card skin you made looks cool? Then you can upload it to the card skin market and sell it or give it away for free!Other things we focus on  to make the game stick out is support for multiple platforms so you can play against friends that are not on the same platform as you are. The game should offer something for everyone and so we have three different game modes to suit both the casual gamer and the more competitive ones.						