
							About This Software
							America’s #1 Estate Planning Software

Quicken WillMaker Plus 2017 is the easiest way to create your estate plan, whether you're just getting started or you want to update your previous arrangements. This powerful software guides you through the process from beginning to end, giving you the practical and legal information you need to make the best decisions for you and your family.

The benefits of using Quicken WillMaker Plus 2017 include:
•	A customized estate plan, including a will, health care directive and other essential documents
•	An easy-to-use interview format that lets you complete documents at your own pace
•	A user-friendly legal manual answers common questions
•	A team of lawyer-editors working to ensure each document reflects the laws of your state*

Quicken WillMaker Plus 2017 is the original will-writing software, created and updated regularly by Nolo’s experts. Free legal updates will keep your program current through 2017. Technical support is also available. Plus, get a free living trust and five other valuable online documents! Registering your copy of Quicken WillMaker Plus 2017 gives you a free one-year subscription to Nolo’s Online Living Trust. In addition, you also get free one-year subscriptions to five other valuable online forms: Nolo's Promissory Note, Limited Power of Attorney for Finances, Temporary Guardianship Authorization for Minor, Authorization for Minor's Medical Treatment, and Authorization for Foreign Travel.

Here’s a closer look at what you can do with Quicken WillMaker Plus 2017:
Your Will
The heart of every estate plan is a will, also known as a last will and testament. This legal document puts you in control of who inherits your property and who would take care of your children if it were ever necessary. Without a will, state law determines these issues. Your will also allows you to name an executor (sometimes called a “personal representative”) to carry out our wishes. And you can appoint a trusted person to manage property left to young people. With Quicken WillMaker Plus 2017, you can revise and update your will whenever you like.
Also, use Quicken WillMaker Plus 2017 to give your executor authority over your digital assets, including social media accounts, online banking and more.
Your Health Care Directive. Spare your loved ones difficult decisions by laying out your wishes for medical care and naming someone to carry out your instructions:
•	Health Care Power of Attorney
Name a trusted person (your "health care agent") to make important medical decisions for you if necessary.
•	Living Will
State what types of medical treatment you do or do not want if you are too ill or injured to direct your own care. Your health care providers must do all they can to follow your wishes.
Your Durable Power of Attorney for Finances
A durable power of attorney ensures that someone you trust (called your "agent" or "attorney-in-fact") will be on hand to manage the many practical, financial tasks that will arise if you become incapacitated. For example, bills must be paid, bank deposits must be made and someone must handle insurance and benefits paperwork. In most cases, a durable power of attorney for finances is the best way to take care of tasks like these. You can give your attorney-in-fact authority over your digital assets.
Your Final Arrangements
Plan a funeral or other ceremony and ease the burden on your loved ones. Describe your preferences for burial, cremation, memorials, obituaries and more.
Documents for Your Executor
Make sure your executor has all the forms and instructions necessary to do the job: checklists, letters, notices and claim forms.
Information for Caregivers and Survivors
Organize your information so that your survivors don't have to. Use these documents to give them details about everything from bank accounts, to passwords, to the names of people you'd like contacted in the event of your illness or death.
Letter to Survivors
Use the Letter to Survivors to leave your loved ones detailed explanations about your decisions. For example, you may want to let them know why you made certain gifts or named a particular person to be your executor. You can also use your letter to leave some general thoughts about your life.
Personal Finance Documents
Over a dozen forms let you handle common financial situations, such as lending or borrowing money between friends or family, creating a bill of sale, and closing a credit card account.
Home & Family Documents
Practical forms you can use every day to help run your home and keep your family safe, including authorizations and agreements, promissory notes, limited powers of attorney, and child and elder care forms.						