
							About This Game
							It’s the flu season and you’re stuck at home feeling sick. Or maybe you are just bored but still want to do some good in this world. Now you can headbutt viruses, bacteria and other germs into oblivion, and look damn cool while doing it! Take control of a determined White Blood Cell on a quest for self discovery, vengeance, punishment and annihilation of all evil germs who would dare infiltrate an unsuspecting and innocent human body in this unique and organic experience. Battle evil germs by slamming into them, using your Powerbutt ability to further enhance the damage and pain inflicted. If you are feeling particularly chaotic, you may even resort to the Blast ability, which will push back all nearby germs and debris (which can effectively be used as projectiles and another way of causing great suffering to the malevolent germs). Although the Blast won’t be super effective until upgraded, it will eventually prove to be quite an effective instrument of destruction if used correctly. There are upgrades! Precisely, there are 8 branches of upgrades for your valiant White Blood Cell: Speed – More speed equals more potential damage and less chance of enemies evading your wrath! Damage – More pain! Ability Cooldown – Use those powers more frequently! Powerbutt Strength – Nothing better than surprising your enemies with a magnificient headbutt! Blast Radius – Improve the area of effect of your Blast! Blast Power – Cause more chaos in the bloody battlefield! Health – Be able to survive more damage! Health Regeneration – The longer you live the more you will be able to keep kicking!Each upgrade branch has two unique perks, which are unlocked on level 5 of their respective branch, and only one perk per branch can be active at once. Each perk gives your cell a unique visual attachment, which in turn makes you even more stylish, as well as more powerful! The more you play, the stronger you’ll get, but beware, enemies get stronger as well! The more you play a single game (until you die), more powerful enemies will spawn. So do not be afraid of dying, because each time you will rise again harder and stronger.Germ Wars Official Soundtrack:https://soundcloud.com/user-708772547/sets/germ-wars-soundtrackCredits for several sound effects: Pigment Ajans I Stock Footage on Youtube						