
							About This Game
							World Boxing Manager is a game in which you develop and manage the careers of young, hungry boxers desperate for glory.  You scout and recruit fighters from a pool of amateurs who come to train at your gym - it's up to you to  decide who to mold into championship material. Build their careers up in regional events until they are ready to make the leap onto the world stage and fight for world titles.Can you develop a world champion fighter capable of unifying all of the titles in his weight class? Try this game and find out!Fighter TrainingTrain specific stats, or train a whole set of stats according to a desired fighting style.When a fighter has an upcoming match, he can begin a training camp.Gains made during training camps occur at a much quicker pace than during regular training, but are temporary and only apply to the next match. Thus, the player is able to tailor training camps to whomever his fighter is fighting against next.This also means that part of the player's responsibility as a manager is to find a balance between the longer-term, permanent development of his boxers and the short-term rewards of training for and winning matches.Hire trainers for bonus training camp gains. However, if your trainers end up training too many fighters at once, their effectiveness will suffer as they are forced to spread their time out between multiple fighters. It's up to you to determine the best way to prioritize the trainer's time.Make sure that you schedule enough time before each match for your fighter to make weight. Different fighters cut weight at different rates, so if your fighter takes a long time to burn it off, you'll have to account for it.SparringPit any two of your fighters, professional and amateur alike, against one another in training matches in order to see how they perform in actual matches.If one of your students manages to knock out one of your pros, it might be worth it to train him instead!Fighters are able to learn Traits, which are permanent boosts which increase their effectiveness as fighters. The only way to learn new Traits is to spar.Match MakingSet up matches against fighters all over the world.You obtain more money for winning, but gain more experience from losing. It's up to you as the manager to either cherry-pick easy opponents for money or try your luck against better opponents in order to move more quickly up the rankings.Hire cable and PPV networks to air your fights for extra money and exposure. However, this can backfire if your fighter loses!Fight NightCall out instructions during the match and between rounds in order to make adjustments as you see fit.If your opponent has a weak jab, stay on the outside and pick him apart; if he has a weak chin, get in his face and smash it in!After the match, you can view statistics in order to determine where your fighter needs to improve.						