
							About This Game
							Be a giant MONSTER! Moving around the city in REAL ACTION and DESTROY everything to release your anger!Story:In the world of “Simplicity”, monster “Somnilla” was accidentally awakened by a submarine in oceanic trench. Somnilla was extremely angry and immediately targeted human cities for revenge!You will act as Somnilla in first-person perspective with the assistance of VR device. You need to approach specific destination and destroy the city buildings and vehicles under the pressure of enemies attack. You can hit, grab or throw objects with actual body actions through headset and controllers. You can also cast powerful skill after collecting enough power from ruins. Enjoy acting as a giant creature and destroy without any responsibility! Punish those people in the world of Simplicity who woke you up from nice dream!Features Highlights:Modern City: Human city with buildings, vehicles and frightened citizens are waiting for you! Break them down and EAT THE CITIZENS for your own good! Follow their screamsActive VR Combat: Utilize your body to dodge attack, hit, catch and throw objects while moving around with hand movements. You are a real monster!Power Release: As a giant monster, BEAM SHOOTING is indispensable! Feel your true power running through your mouth!Various of Enemies: Human armies including normal soldiers, rocket artillery, armored personal carriers, tanks, armed helicopter, etc. will try their best to defend their home city. No mercy for them!Threatening BOSS: Fight against the human latest technology in the final stage of arcade mode mission. Destroy their last hope!Great Party: 3 different party mode games provided and challenge your friends to see who can earn a higher score!Free-Style Mode: No pressure at all and just enjoy destroying everything! We are in Early Access stage and more interesting game contents & features will be added and updated regularly. Don’t miss the chance to provide us your precious feedback and input! For now…Enjoy the SMASH!Translation credits:Japanese by Kristine ChanKorean by Stella NgGerman by Ray Li						