
							About This Content
							A seafaring adventure for 4th level characters in search of plunder and fame!While sails on the horizon can be reason to fear in pirate-infested waters, sometimes they bring good cheer and companionship on the lonely journeys across the endless blue. A chance encounter with Captain Craw and the good ship Tamarind seems like the latter, a friendly crew of spice traders offering warm hospitality. Yet all is not as it seems, as the Tamarind trades in a far different and more terrible cargo on a dangerous course into the hands of the legendary Shayonna the Gaunt and her desolate reef! Can your heroes uncover the Tamarind's deadly secret before they become the latest prizes sent to the clutches of the sea witch?Islands of Plunder: Spices and Flesh is an adventure for 4th-level PCs full of mystery and peril upon the high seas and below the waves, incorporating investigation and negotiation alongside deadly danger on board ship and among the deadly reefs below. It includes two sets of maps, one for the GM and an unkeyed set for players.Spices and Flesh is the second in a series of pirate-themed Islands of Plunder adventures by superstar author Matt Goodall, collaborating on this adventure with James F.D. Graham, with amazing artwork by Ivan Dixon and Chris Smith and marvelous maps by Pedro Coelho. This adventure can be easily dropped into any seafaring campaign, though it also harmonizes beautifully with the official Pirate Adventure Path from Paizo, Inc. (issues #55 to 60). The Islands of Plunder series continues Legendary Games’ tradition of bringing you outstanding content by the best authors in the business, combined with amazing art and production values and innovative layout design. We hope you enjoy using our products as much as we enjoy making them, and that you’ll keep coming back again and again to Make Your Game Legendary!Requires: An active subscription or a one time purchase of a Fantasy Grounds Full or Ultimate license and the included Pathfinder ruleset (3.5E Compatible).						