
							About This Game
							Important/ÖnemliThis version of Warface is only available for Turkey region. You cannot log in from other countries.Bu sayfadan indireceğiniz Warface'in sunucuları, sadece Türkiye bölgesi için aktiftir.About WarfaceHit the front line in Warface – a free-to-play first person shooter that offers new multiplayer missions every day. In Co-op mode, play the part of a Rifleman, Sniper, Engineer or Medic, and master the unique skills of each class to help your team to victory. Daily new missions mean you'll always have a fresh challenge to face and new rewards to unlock – regardless of whether you tackle Regular, Skilled or Hardcore campaigns.Versus matches see teams of up to eight players battling it out in stacks of competitive modes. Jump into "Team Deathmatch", "Free for All", "Plant the Bomb", "Storm", "Destruction" or "Capture", and switch your soldier class at any moment to maximize your contribution to the cause.  Features 	Enjoy a constant flow of new weapons, maps and more! 	Tackle new missions in diverse war zones every single day 	Brace yourself for explosive Co-op and Versus action 	Work as a team and master four unique soldier classes 	Crytek's CRYENGINE tech draws you deep into the heat of battle  	Pick your side and fight as the forces of Blackwood or Warface 	Play completely free of charge – never pay a penny 	Expect the best – Crytek's trademark quality meets free-to-play gamingSomething worth fighting forWhatever mode you're playing, you'll become part of the power struggle between the elite forces of Warface and the corrupt military juggernaut, Blackwood. Co-op missions challenge you to drop into conflict hotspots around the globe and loosen Blackwood's stranglehold, while Versus play invites you to choose your side and wipe out all who stand in your way!Along the way, Warface makes sure you have access to the firepower and skill set required for victory. Unlock a vast array of weapons and tweak them to personal perfection by utilizing multiple upgrade slots. There are also plenty of ways to enhance your soldier's stats, and when the battle gets underway you can gain an advantage over the enemy with special actions such as sliding and shooting, taking cover behind moveable objects, and combining with friends to reach strategic vantage points.  From the creators of Far Cry and Crysis, Warface keeps the top quality FPS action coming thick and fast every single day, completely for free!						