
							About This Game
							Warning! In A Gummy’s Life, gummies have come to life… And they are unmanageable!They have invaded the city, they are all around: in the football stadium, the park, the fortress, the fair… even on the flan.Their non-stop free-for-all fights gain people’s attention because of their jellied funny movements, but their blows are solid and well-aimed. Due to their ingenuity, they convert the elements of the landscape into insurmountable obstacles. They seemed so sweet! Choose your favorite gummy among a great variety, customize it to your taste and enjoy playing and laughing with your friends or your family. Attack! Only one can remain. Show who is in charge of the sugar!A Gummy’s Life – a game in which the winner is the one who enjoys the most. But fun does not end yet, because the game will be updated with new levels and characters which will surprise you.Local multiplayer up to 16 players!Easy to play, hard to master.Full controller support ...even your gamecube's one.Crazy fights based on physic simulations.Gummies!!For all ages, play with your granny!Tons of levels to play with different game style and mechanics.Choose between many gummies!Unlockable trading cards and achievements.Did we say Gummies?!Since we are in Early Access we want you to know what our current roadmap is:First milestone:3 New game modes - Team Deathmatch | King of the Hill | Communnity choosen one.New characters to play with.New levels to play on.Animation taunts to laugh on your foes.Support more languages.Second milestone:Online support.Workshop integration.Rule modifiers so you can customize how you play.More characters.Even more levels!Third milestone:Competitive matchmaking.Another round of new game modes.Things you want us to do.Keep updating with new characters new levels and more awesome features.Our plan is to keep working and updating the game following that list. When we reach each milestone we will be increasing the base price of the game.So join the community, help us grow and have fun while you are here.						