
							About This Game
							Tap Adventure: Time Travel is an RPG clicker game in authentic Patch World. A team of heroes starts their journey through thick forests, spooky swamps, dense jungle, gold mines, timeless glaciers, and lifeless wasteland. This journey will not be easy because the marshes and swamps are inhabited by evil goblins and ogres; vicious predators and wild brownies hide in the forests, and bloodthirsty tribes of natives and baboons fill the jungle. Local inhabitants don't like intruders: the only way to get past is to fight them!7 basic character classes, each with unique skills and choices in levelingUnlike other clicker games, you haven't a lot of heroes, you can hire only 7 of them, one for each type: Warrior, Archer, Wise Man, Rogue, Savage, Magician and Engineer. And all of them have their own skill set, that makes them unique. You can develop heroes in the different ways, more suitable for your playstyle.30 epic bosses and a myriad of monstersHuge epic bosses, overlords of their dominions, will stand against your heroes! They are much tougher than common enemies. But you can get nice reward, if you will be able to beat them: chests, that allow you to upgrade your heroes, runestones to craft mighty artifacts, manacoins to spend them on Mimics...9 diverse colorful worldsLively jungle, wild forest, spooky swamp, grim graveyard, dark mines, cold ice mountains, majestic city, deadly barrens and mysterious crossroads. Each of these beautiful locations has its own style and charm, their own inhabitants and bosses. Explore the lands of the Patch World!Valuable rewards for defeating bosses, brilliant graphics and spectacular effects and a lot of gold, heaps of gold!Also, you can make living Chest, meet the gambling machines of the Governor, exchange some goods for the manacoins and explore the magnificent Patch World!Also you can check our other projects. Forge of Gods - highly addictive multiplayer card strategy RPG , chibi-style fancy card collectable RPG Mighty Party and exciting VR-shooter Cargo Cult: Shoot'n'Loot VR.Panoramik Inc. has been making games since 2005. We specialize in creating different types of games, ranging from casual ones up to mid core.						