
							About This Content
							HEX: Scars of War BundleThe world of Entrath is in a precarious state: the war that started in Herofall continues to rage and has been shaping the face of Entrath itself. Alliances form and break as the Ardent and Underworld struggle to gain the upper hand, but nobody will escape unscathed.This bundle comes with a total of 6 boostersfrom the sixth card set in HEX, “Scars of War”. Paired with 10 pieces of shiny equipment to enhance your cards on the battlefield, this collection gives you the tools to withstand the dangers of Entrath. Additionally, there are a few consumables and one of our rare cosmetics in this pack – as well as some in-game currency to give you a little boost. Install HEX: Shards of Fate on Steam to be able to use the contents within this bundle.BUNDLE CONTENTSBOOSTER PACKS6x “Scars of War” Booster PacksThis card set comes with four keywords: “Diligence”, “Conscript”, and “Mobilize”. A focus on socketed card types and faction-specific tactics round out this booster pack.EQUIPMENT (PvE Only) Equipment is one of the great innovations HEX brought about in the Trading Card Game genre, made possible by the digital nature of the game. Items modify your cards by altering their attributes or effects, and giving you another option to customize your deck. Equipment can be acquired on your many adventures, through victory in battle, opening treasure chests, and completing quests in the campaign. Items come in varying rarities, similar to cards and improve or enhance your already powerful cards.1x Auto Defense Console Equipment1x Shroom Boom Equipment1x Fleetfoot Gloves Equipment1x Commonwealth Sandals Equipment1x Shroud of Shadows Equipment1x Hare Trimmed Helmet Equipment1x Ink-Stained Vestments Equipment1x Airweight Bounders Equipment1x Blossom of Friendship Equipment1x Sanctuary Spade Equipment  CONSUMABLES4x Common StardustUnlock extended card artwork with this magical material. Each card needs a single Stardust of matching rarity to reveal its complete artwork to you. Which cards will you choose?SLEEVE1x “Scars of War” Deck SleeveSleeves are not quite the same in a digital Trading Card Game. You can still customize your deck with a cool card back, but you don’t have to apply the sleeve to every individual card: just select the one you like and you’re all set!CURRENCY2,500 GoldGold is the in-game currency for HEX and can be earned in much the same way as equipment, through victories in battle, completed quests and challenges. Gold can be used much like the premium currency Platinum: you can spend it in the auction house, on individual cards, entire booster packs and almost everything else that’s put up for sale by other players. Gold is also used to upgrade loot chests through Kismet’s Well that rewards the fortunate with rare rewards.						