
							About This Game
							Guns of Icarus Alliance Pre-orderBuy now for a 25% loyalty discount for all Guns of Icarus Online owners!Guns of Icarus Alliance is the complete PvE experience while maintaining all the PvP contents, including achievements, progression, cosmetics, and data from Guns of Icarus Online. From a single pilot to as many as 16 players can unite in their battle for the wasteland, completing objectives in all new PvE/Co-op game modes like capturing cargo or destroying drilling platforms. You just need to grab your friends and go. Choose a faction and unlock their special costumes, weapons, and airships as each victory brings your faction one step closer to their ultimate goal of reshaping the world. - If you are a Guns of Icarus Online owner and haven't gotten Guns of Icarus Alliance yet, everything will work and be supported the same as ever. - If you are a Guns of Icarus Online owner who has already pre-ordered the previous Upgrade DLC to Guns of Icarus Alliance, you will get Guns of Icarus Alliance at release.Face the armada with your crew in the most extreme teamwork based gameGrab your friends or make new ones as true multi-person vessels to take the sky. Fight and fly across the wasteland on your customized airship, blistering with powerful, as you and three others  fly your way to victory. Fly solo or with up to 15 others to face down enemy hordes and giant bosses as you blast your way through blockades and fortifications before you’re overwhelmed or sneak past enemy lines to take them by surprise.Co-Op action like you’ve never seen before.No two matches are the same as you find yourself guessing the Icarus AI Director’s next move. Tension permeates every twist and turn, with each fight being different than the last and the AI constantly learning and countering your strategies.Your ship, millions of customization combinationsDesign your vessel from with 13 ships, 24 guns, 26 tools and 15 special abilities. Electrify and disable your opponents with shocking tesla weapons, while they are stunned, crash the enemy ships together with a singularity fired from your captivation gun. Create your own perfect storm of death and mayhem through being able to fully customize your ship and player loadout as you experiment with unique and never-tried-before builds and crew combinations. Mix and match to find the style that’s perfect for you and your crew.Play the objectives!Feel the pressure of sneaking past ships in Infiltration mode or the exhilaration of surviving a horde wave in Search & Destroy. Across 36,000 square meters of terrain, you and your crew will be pushed to your limit as you are forced to assault bases, chase convoys, and sometimes just plain endure. Each time you master a level of play the Icarus AI Director ramps up the tension giving you a new challenge. MMO-Risk faction warfare becomes the world’s living historyLeave your mark on the world, permanently, with your actions in game. Every war season will have heroes and villains, your actions will dictate the way the world remembers you. Be a savage warlord attacking every territory you touch or the true paragon, protecting your faction from invaders. We write the story as our players play based on their battles, alliances, betrayals, and maybe even their public chat logs! Four mighty factions need your strength, and your loyalty will be rewarded with new and weapons, ships, costumes, and more.Fallen from grace, the Fjord Baronies attempt to reclaim their heritage and fulfill a destiny as prophecy foretold. The Anglean Republic obsessively scours the land for long forgotten technologies to return the world to a fabled and former paradise. Taking advantage of the world’s desperate state, the Mercantile Guild buys and sells anything worth a price to the highest bidder. And as the earth continues to bleed, the Order of Chaladon emerges from their seclusion to stem the flow and repair what has been damaged, no matter what the cost. Choose your faction and shape the future of this world!						