
							About This Content
							Map Pack 1 includes 10 additional maps in a variety of environments from sunlit days to dark and creepy evenings in the rain. Also added are 5 powerful gameplay units and 4 challenging Steam achievements!						5 powerful units:Drimar the Mountain Giant						Honshu the Golden Dragon						Scythisis the Green Dragon						Tivix the great Hyvexx						Tower of Shadows4 challenging achievements:Guardian Killer - Eliminate a Guardian with your own Guardian without dying.						Epic Creature - Eliminate 15 enemy units with 1 Large Creature.						Great Sacrifice - Eliminate a unit during the Battle Phase by sacrificing one of your own.						Master of All - Achieve a Guardian Victory on just one Skirmish map with all available Guardians.10 expansive maps:A Damsel in Distress - The trinity of castles Luna, Lumiera and Shio are strongholds of the oldest sisterhoods to the order of Lightbringers. Each castle is lead by a princess who is the keeper of ancient secrets and tomes past down through the generations. 						Battle for Hornback - As the birthplace of all monsters it has long since seen many battles and power struggles, most notably among the Dragons and the Giants. Both claim dominion over the land for their own selfish glory and have amassed loyal factions to aid in their cause.						Brotherhood of the Wild - The arrogance of man can no longer be tolerated. For far too long our kind has been subject to their misunderstanding, ignorance and greed. We are the powerful, the mighty the immortal.						Defend the Northern City of Kall-Dera - The great northern city of Kall-Dera has long been held by the most tenacious of world leaders. Surrounded by natural barriers and rich in resources including concentrated deposits of mana the north has changed hands in leadership more than any city in all of Graxia.						Destroy the Tower of Shadows - The Boneshadow have recently taken control of the Tower of Shadows, an ancient hall that was built by the undead creatures of Graxia.						March to End Row - Enemy troops have besieged the people and are hording precious resources. Reclaim your beloved homeland from marauding invaders before all is lost.						Master the Drysden Portals - Drysden was once a rich and fertile land that sustained a large population of Humans and Celethreal’s. Both groups took from the land equally, mining precious mana and reveled in the bounty the land offered.						Sacrifice on the Isle of Soldera - Guardians Shadd and Oshnuk are locked in a fierce battle of wills on the Isle of Soldera. For almost a full cycle of the moon the fight has waged, with heavy losses on both sides.						The Hidden City of Arkanstone - The mysterious city of Arkanstone has always been at the very epicenter of debate among those who seek of power. Abandoned for almost a century Arkanstone is surrounded by dense forests and only the brave have dared to venture there, most never to return.						The Highroad to Castle Stofia - Castle Stofia is one of the oldest castle towns in all of Graxia. It was built by the noble family Stofia centuries ago and is regarded by most to be a forgotten relic.						